objrel_pronoun	The actor that he avoids greets the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he blocks attracts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he defends attracts the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he defends stops the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he greets avoids the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he greets blocks the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he greets interrupts the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he knows greets the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	know
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he observes ignores the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he observes interrupts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he observes knows the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he observes meets the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he observes watches the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he stops avoids the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he watches defends the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he welcomes greets the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she attracts greets the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she attracts watches the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she blocks attracts the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she blocks meets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she greets attracts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she ignores attracts the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she ignores knows the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she interrupts blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she interrupts knows the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she knows blocks the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	know
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she knows meets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	know
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she knows welcomes the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	know
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she observes blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she stops observes the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she stops watches the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she watches interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she welcomes greets the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she welcomes knows the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she welcomes stops the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he attracts knows the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he blocks knows the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he blocks welcomes the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he defends interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he greets meets the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he interrupts blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he knows greets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	know
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he knows greets the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	know
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he meets defends the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he meets greets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he observes blocks the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he welcomes stops the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she attracts defends the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she attracts ignores the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she avoids meets the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she blocks attracts the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she blocks greets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she blocks knows the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she blocks meets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she blocks meets the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she greets blocks the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she greets interrupts the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she greets observes the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she greets stops the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she ignores blocks the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she interrupts attracts the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she knows observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she meets observes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she observes avoids the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she stops defends the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she stops observes the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she watches interrupts the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she welcomes knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she welcomes watches the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he blocks attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he blocks defends the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	block
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he blocks stops the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	block
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he defends welcomes the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he greets avoids the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he greets blocks the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he greets stops the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he ignores blocks the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he interrupts greets the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he interrupts welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he observes avoids the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he welcomes avoids the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she attracts greets the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she attracts interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she avoids ignores the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she blocks avoids the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	block
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she blocks ignores the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	block
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she blocks stops the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	block
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she defends welcomes the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she greets interrupts the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she greets watches the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she greets welcomes the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she ignores defends the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she ignores knows the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she ignores knows the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she knows avoids the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	know
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she knows blocks the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	know
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she watches ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he avoids attracts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he avoids blocks the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he avoids blocks the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he avoids greets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he avoids knows the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he defends interrupts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he defends watches the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he greets attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he greets defends the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he ignores meets the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he interrupts defends the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he knows greets the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	know
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he meets defends the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	meet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he meets interrupts the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	meet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he meets welcomes the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	meet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he stops meets the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he watches attracts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he welcomes watches the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she attracts defends the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	attract
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she attracts greets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she attracts ignores the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	attract
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she avoids stops the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she greets meets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she greets watches the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she ignores attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she ignores stops the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she interrupts attracts the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she meets avoids the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she observes attracts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she observes defends the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she observes knows the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she observes knows the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she watches blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he attracts defends the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he attracts knows the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he attracts knows the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he avoids knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he avoids meets the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he avoids watches the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he blocks interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he defends attracts the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he defends ignores the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he defends knows the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he defends meets the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he greets blocks the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he greets ignores the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he greets observes the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he greets stops the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he greets stops the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he ignores knows the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he ignores observes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he ignores welcomes the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he knows avoids the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he knows blocks the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he knows defends the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he knows interrupts the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he knows meets the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he knows welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he meets blocks the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he meets defends the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he meets knows the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he observes avoids the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he observes avoids the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he stops blocks the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he stops ignores the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he stops ignores the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he stops ignores the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he watches attracts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he watches blocks the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he watches greets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he welcomes ignores the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he welcomes knows the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she attracts defends the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she attracts ignores the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she attracts meets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she attracts stops the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she attracts watches the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she avoids interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she blocks avoids the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she blocks ignores the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she blocks welcomes the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she greets blocks the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she greets ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she greets interrupts the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she ignores meets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she ignores watches the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she ignores welcomes the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she interrupts attracts the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she interrupts attracts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she interrupts meets the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she interrupts observes the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she interrupts stops the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she knows attracts the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she knows attracts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she meets avoids the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she meets blocks the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she meets observes the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she observes meets the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she stops blocks the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she stops meets the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she stops meets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she watches ignores the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she welcomes attracts the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she welcomes blocks the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she welcomes defends the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The father that he attracts defends the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	attract
objrel_pronoun	The father that he attracts interrupts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The father that he attracts watches the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	attract
objrel_pronoun	The father that he avoids observes the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The father that he blocks interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The father that he blocks knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The father that he defends stops the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	defend
objrel_pronoun	The father that he interrupts defends the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The father that he knows attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The father that he knows avoids the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	know
objrel_pronoun	The father that he knows blocks the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	know
objrel_pronoun	The father that he knows welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	know
objrel_pronoun	The father that he watches greets the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The father that he watches greets the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The father that he watches stops the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	watch
objrel_pronoun	The father that he welcomes watches the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The father that she attracts greets the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The father that she attracts observes the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	attract
objrel_pronoun	The father that she avoids blocks the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The father that she avoids watches the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The father that she blocks attracts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The father that she defends attracts the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	defend
objrel_pronoun	The father that she defends stops the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	defend
objrel_pronoun	The father that she greets defends the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	greet
objrel_pronoun	The father that she ignores avoids the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The father that she meets attracts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	meet
objrel_pronoun	The father that she meets stops the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	meet
objrel_pronoun	The father that she observes defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	observe
objrel_pronoun	The father that she stops defends the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	stop
objrel_pronoun	The father that she stops welcomes the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	stop
objrel_pronoun	The father that she welcomes ignores the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The father that she welcomes interrupts the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he attracts meets the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he avoids meets the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he avoids stops the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he avoids watches the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he blocks attracts the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he blocks avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he blocks ignores the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he blocks knows the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he defends interrupts the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he defends interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he defends stops the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he greets knows the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he ignores stops the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he interrupts avoids the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he interrupts avoids the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he knows avoids the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he knows avoids the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he knows defends the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he knows interrupts the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he meets avoids the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he meets greets the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he observes interrupts the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he observes knows the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he stops blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he stops blocks the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he stops defends the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he stops greets the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he stops interrupts the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he watches attracts the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he watches attracts the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he welcomes attracts the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he welcomes ignores the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she attracts interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she attracts observes the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she attracts welcomes the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she avoids blocks the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she avoids defends the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she blocks defends the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she blocks meets the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she defends observes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she defends watches the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she greets blocks the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she ignores blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she ignores watches the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she knows attracts the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she knows ignores the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she knows observes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she meets attracts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she meets greets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she meets ignores the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she observes attracts the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she observes greets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she observes ignores the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she observes meets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she stops blocks the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she stops defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she watches avoids the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she watches defends the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she watches interrupts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she watches stops the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she welcomes knows the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	know	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she welcomes watches the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he avoids observes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he avoids watches the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he blocks attracts the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he blocks avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	block
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he defends watches the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he defends watches the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he defends watches the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he defends welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he greets knows the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he greets meets the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he interrupts observes the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he meets interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he meets knows the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he meets knows the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he meets stops the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he observes greets the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he stops ignores the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he stops observes the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he stops observes the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he watches stops the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	watch
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he welcomes blocks the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she attracts observes the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	attract
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she greets ignores the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she greets knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she ignores meets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she ignores welcomes the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she interrupts welcomes the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she knows stops the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	know
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she meets avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she meets welcomes the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she watches stops the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	watch
objrel_pronoun	The man that he attracts interrupts the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The man that he attracts observes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	attract
objrel_pronoun	The man that he avoids attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The man that he blocks meets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The man that he greets welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	greet
objrel_pronoun	The man that he ignores attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The man that he ignores knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The man that he interrupts welcomes the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The man that he knows ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	know
objrel_pronoun	The man that he meets stops the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	meet
objrel_pronoun	The man that he observes defends the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	observe
objrel_pronoun	The man that he watches attracts the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	watch
objrel_pronoun	The man that he watches greets the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The man that he welcomes ignores the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The man that she blocks interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The man that she blocks meets the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The man that she ignores observes the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The man that she interrupts attracts the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The man that she interrupts blocks the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The man that she interrupts welcomes the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The man that she knows defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	know
objrel_pronoun	The man that she meets stops the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	meet
objrel_pronoun	The man that she welcomes watches the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he attracts interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he avoids welcomes the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he defends ignores the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he defends meets the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he defends welcomes the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	defend
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he greets blocks the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he greets knows the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he ignores avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he ignores knows the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he ignores observes the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he interrupts blocks the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he knows attracts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he meets avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he meets watches the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he observes attracts the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	observe
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he observes welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	observe
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he stops watches the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	stop
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he watches knows the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	watch
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she attracts interrupts the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she attracts welcomes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she avoids welcomes the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she blocks observes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	block
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she greets blocks the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she greets observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she ignores stops the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she observes avoids the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she observes avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she observes meets the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	observe
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she stops knows the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	know	stop
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she watches attracts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	watch
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she watches blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she watches defends the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The son that he attracts knows the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The son that he avoids observes the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The son that he avoids stops the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The son that he blocks interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The son that he blocks observes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	block
objrel_pronoun	The son that he defends knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	know	defend
objrel_pronoun	The son that he greets stops the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The son that he greets watches the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	greet
objrel_pronoun	The son that he ignores interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The son that he interrupts ignores the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The son that he interrupts observes the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The son that he meets avoids the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The son that he meets interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	meet
objrel_pronoun	The son that he meets observes the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The son that he observes blocks the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that he observes stops the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that he watches meets the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The son that he watches stops the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	watch
objrel_pronoun	The son that he welcomes observes the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The son that she attracts knows the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The son that she attracts meets the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The son that she blocks defends the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	block
objrel_pronoun	The son that she blocks observes the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	block
objrel_pronoun	The son that she defends knows the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	know	defend
objrel_pronoun	The son that she greets ignores the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	greet
objrel_pronoun	The son that she ignores avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The son that she knows avoids the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	know
objrel_pronoun	The son that she knows watches the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	know
objrel_pronoun	The son that she meets interrupts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	meet
objrel_pronoun	The son that she meets stops the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	meet
objrel_pronoun	The son that she observes attracts the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that she stops avoids the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	stop
objrel_pronoun	The son that she stops ignores the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that he attracts knows the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The student that he attracts meets the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The student that he attracts stops the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stop	attract
objrel_pronoun	The student that he attracts watches the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	attract
objrel_pronoun	The student that he avoids ignores the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The student that he avoids watches the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The student that he blocks greets the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	block
objrel_pronoun	The student that he blocks knows the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The student that he blocks observes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	block
objrel_pronoun	The student that he defends attracts the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that he defends ignores the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that he defends interrupts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that he defends knows the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that he greets blocks the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he greets blocks the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he greets blocks the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he greets interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he greets welcomes the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he ignores meets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that he interrupts blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The student that he interrupts greets the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The student that he interrupts meets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The student that he knows interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	know
objrel_pronoun	The student that he knows stops the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	know
objrel_pronoun	The student that he meets attracts the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he meets blocks the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he meets blocks the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he meets observes the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he stops attracts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that he watches greets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The student that he watches ignores the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The student that he welcomes attracts the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that he welcomes observes the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that he welcomes observes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that he welcomes stops the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that she avoids defends the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The student that she avoids greets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The student that she avoids ignores the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The student that she avoids knows the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	know	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The student that she blocks knows the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The student that she defends ignores the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that she defends interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that she defends interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that she defends meets the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that she greets defends the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she greets watches the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she ignores avoids the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that she ignores avoids the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that she ignores blocks the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that she ignores welcomes the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that she interrupts attracts the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The student that she interrupts avoids the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The student that she interrupts blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The student that she interrupts defends the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The student that she interrupts meets the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The student that she knows attracts the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The student that she knows greets the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	know
objrel_pronoun	The student that she knows ignores the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	know
objrel_pronoun	The student that she meets avoids the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she meets avoids the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she meets welcomes the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she observes knows the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The student that she stops blocks the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that she stops greets the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that she stops observes the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that she stops watches the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that she stops welcomes the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that she watches blocks the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The student that she watches interrupts the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The student that she welcomes attracts the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attract	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that she welcomes blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that she welcomes greets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that she welcomes interrupts the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that she welcomes watches the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he attracts interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he attracts meets the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he attracts observes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observe	attract
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he avoids knows the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he blocks knows the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he blocks welcomes the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	block
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he greets knows the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	know	greet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he ignores avoids the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he ignores defends the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he ignores meets the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he interrupts defends the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he knows stops the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	know
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he knows welcomes the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	know
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he meets defends the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	meet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he meets watches the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he observes defends the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defend	observe
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he welcomes blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	block	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he welcomes observes the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observe	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she attracts watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	attract
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she avoids defends the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defend	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she avoids ignores the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she avoids meets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she defends ignores the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she defends watches the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watch	defend
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she greets watches the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	greet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she greets welcomes the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcome	greet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she ignores attracts the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attract	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she ignores interrupts the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupt	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she ignores watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watch	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she interrupts welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcome	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she meets blocks the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she meets ignores the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignore	meet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she observes stops the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stop	observe
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she stops avoids the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoid	stop
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she stops ignores the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she watches interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she welcomes blocks the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	block	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he attracts avoids the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he attracts knows the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he avoids defends the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he avoids observes the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he blocks interrupts the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he defends meets the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he defends welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he defends welcomes the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he knows stops the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	know
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he knows watches the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	know
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he knows watches the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	know
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he meets attracts the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he meets avoids the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he meets blocks the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he observes avoids the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he watches blocks the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he watches interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he welcomes ignores the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actor that he welcomes knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she attracts meets the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she avoids meets the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she avoids welcomes the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she defends attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she defends meets the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she defends meets the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she interrupts avoids the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she interrupts avoids the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she meets defends the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she observes attracts the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she observes watches the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she stops interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she watches avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actor that she watches meets the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he avoids stops the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he blocks attracts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he blocks ignores the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he blocks interrupts the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he defends blocks the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	block	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he defends ignores the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he defends meets the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he greets meets the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he ignores avoids the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he meets attracts the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he meets observes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he meets watches the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he observes avoids the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he observes blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	block	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he stops avoids the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he stops greets the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he watches greets the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he welcomes greets the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he welcomes greets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he welcomes knows the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actress that he welcomes observes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she attracts observes the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she attracts stops the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she avoids welcomes the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she blocks defends the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she blocks ignores the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she blocks interrupts the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she defends blocks the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	block	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she defends interrupts the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she defends meets the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she greets ignores the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she ignores avoids the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she ignores defends the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she ignores meets the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she ignores stops the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she knows attracts the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she stops greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she watches meets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she welcomes blocks the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	block	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actress that she welcomes stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he avoids greets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he defends ignores the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he defends interrupts the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he defends interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he greets stops the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he ignores defends the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he ignores knows the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he knows attracts the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he meets watches the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he stops defends the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he stops greets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he stops knows the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	know	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boy that he welcomes meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she blocks interrupts the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she blocks knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she blocks meets the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she greets interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she ignores stops the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she ignores welcomes the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she knows observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she meets interrupts the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	meet
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she observes ignores the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	observe
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she observes interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	observe
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she stops avoids the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she stops defends the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she stops observes the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she stops observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she welcomes greets the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she welcomes ignores the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she welcomes interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boy that she welcomes stops the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he defends avoids the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he defends blocks the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	block	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he defends stops the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he greets watches the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he ignores observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he interrupts watches the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he interrupts welcomes the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he observes blocks the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	block	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he observes knows the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he watches knows the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he watches observes the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he watches welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he welcomes attracts the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he welcomes meets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that he welcomes watches the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she attracts blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	attract
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she avoids defends the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she defends ignores the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she defends meets the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she greets avoids the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she ignores watches the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she ignores welcomes the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she knows watches the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	know
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she watches avoids the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she watches interrupts the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she watches observes the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that she welcomes greets the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he attracts interrupts the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he attracts knows the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he avoids welcomes the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he blocks meets the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he defends greets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he defends interrupts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he defends observes the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he greets blocks the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he ignores greets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he ignores knows the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he knows defends the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he knows ignores the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he knows meets the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he meets interrupts the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he meets welcomes the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he stops defends the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he stops ignores the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he stops knows the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he stops welcomes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he watches defends the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he watches ignores the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he watches ignores the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he watches interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that he welcomes blocks the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	block	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she attracts blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she attracts defends the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she attracts knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she attracts welcomes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she avoids greets the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she blocks avoids the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she blocks defends the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she blocks knows the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she blocks knows the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she blocks observes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she defends ignores the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she defends meets the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she defends watches the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she greets stops the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she greets stops the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she ignores defends the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she ignores greets the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she interrupts avoids the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she interrupts ignores the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she interrupts ignores the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she interrupts watches the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she knows attracts the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she knows defends the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she knows greets the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she meets defends the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she meets ignores the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she meets knows the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she meets knows the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she meets watches the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she observes avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she observes knows the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she observes meets the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she stops defends the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she stops ignores the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she stops meets the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she stops observes the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she watches attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she watches avoids the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she watches blocks the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she watches defends the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she watches ignores the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she watches interrupts the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she watches observes the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that she welcomes observes the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The father that he attracts ignores the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	attract
objrel_pronoun	The father that he attracts observes the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	attract
objrel_pronoun	The father that he blocks avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	block
objrel_pronoun	The father that he greets interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The father that he greets meets the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	greet
objrel_pronoun	The father that he greets meets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	greet
objrel_pronoun	The father that he greets observes the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	greet
objrel_pronoun	The father that he greets stops the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The father that he interrupts stops the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The father that he interrupts stops the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The father that he interrupts stops the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The father that he interrupts watches the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The father that he knows attracts the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The father that he observes ignores the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	observe
objrel_pronoun	The father that he stops defends the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	stop
objrel_pronoun	The father that he stops knows the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	stop
objrel_pronoun	The father that he stops meets the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The father that she attracts welcomes the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	attract
objrel_pronoun	The father that she ignores watches the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The father that she knows attracts the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	know
objrel_pronoun	The father that she knows observes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The father that she meets observes the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The father that she watches blocks the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The father that she watches blocks the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The father that she watches defends the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The father that she welcomes stops the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he attracts defends the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he attracts interrupts the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he attracts observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he avoids defends the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he avoids ignores the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he avoids ignores the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he avoids knows the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he blocks attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he blocks meets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he defends ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he defends ignores the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he defends knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he defends knows the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	know	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he greets watches the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he ignores greets the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he ignores observes the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he interrupts avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he interrupts avoids the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he knows observes the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he meets ignores the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he meets interrupts the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he meets observes the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he observes attracts the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he observes avoids the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he observes interrupts the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he observes meets the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he observes welcomes the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he stops ignores the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he stops interrupts the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he stops observes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that he welcomes observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she attracts ignores the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she attracts welcomes the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she avoids observes the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she blocks attracts the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she blocks attracts the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she defends blocks the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she defends interrupts the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she defends welcomes the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she greets interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she greets meets the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she greets welcomes the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she interrupts avoids the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she interrupts watches the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she interrupts welcomes the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she knows defends the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she knows greets the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she knows observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she meets blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she meets interrupts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she meets watches the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she meets welcomes the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she meets welcomes the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she observes attracts the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she observes defends the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she observes greets the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she observes knows the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she stops watches the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she watches blocks the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she watches defends the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she watches defends the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she watches stops the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she welcomes knows the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friend that she welcomes stops the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he attracts greets the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he avoids meets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he blocks avoids the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	block
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he greets ignores the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he greets interrupts the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he ignores defends the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he knows stops the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	know
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he meets attracts the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he meets watches the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he meets watches the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he observes ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he stops blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	block	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he watches defends the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he welcomes watches the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The girl that he welcomes watches the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she attracts blocks the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	block	attract
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she avoids ignores the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she avoids knows the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	know	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she avoids watches the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she blocks interrupts the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she blocks meets the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she blocks stops the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	block
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she defends ignores the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she defends stops the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she interrupts attracts the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she knows observes the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she knows observes the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she observes ignores the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she observes watches the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she stops interrupts the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she watches blocks the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The girl that she watches observes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	watch
objrel_pronoun	The man that he attracts ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	attract
objrel_pronoun	The man that he blocks attracts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	block
objrel_pronoun	The man that he defends avoids the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	defend
objrel_pronoun	The man that he greets attracts the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	greet
objrel_pronoun	The man that he greets attracts the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	greet
objrel_pronoun	The man that he greets knows the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	know	greet
objrel_pronoun	The man that he ignores avoids the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The man that he interrupts blocks the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	block	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The man that he knows watches the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	know
objrel_pronoun	The man that he meets avoids the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	meet
objrel_pronoun	The man that he meets blocks the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The man that he meets ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	meet
objrel_pronoun	The man that he meets knows the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	meet
objrel_pronoun	The man that he observes watches the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	observe
objrel_pronoun	The man that he observes welcomes the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	observe
objrel_pronoun	The man that he watches ignores the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The man that he watches ignores the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The man that he watches welcomes the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	watch
objrel_pronoun	The man that she attracts blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	block	attract
objrel_pronoun	The man that she avoids meets the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The man that she blocks meets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	block
objrel_pronoun	The man that she greets ignores the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	greet
objrel_pronoun	The man that she greets interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The man that she ignores attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The man that she ignores interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The man that she ignores observes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The man that she meets blocks the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The man that she meets ignores the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	meet
objrel_pronoun	The man that she observes interrupts the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	observe
objrel_pronoun	The man that she observes stops the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	observe
objrel_pronoun	The man that she welcomes knows the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he attracts knows the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he blocks knows the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he ignores attracts the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he interrupts stops the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he meets defends the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	meet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he observes blocks the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	block	observe
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he stops observes the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	stop
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he stops watches the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	stop
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he watches stops the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	watch
objrel_pronoun	The mother that he welcomes avoids the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she attracts interrupts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she attracts stops the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she avoids stops the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she blocks interrupts the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she blocks watches the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	block
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she greets ignores the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she greets knows the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	know	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she greets watches the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she greets welcomes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she ignores attracts the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she ignores avoids the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she ignores blocks the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	block	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she ignores interrupts the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she interrupts blocks the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she interrupts observes the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she watches blocks the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	watch
objrel_pronoun	The mother that she watches ignores the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The son that he attracts greets the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The son that he avoids attracts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The son that he avoids observes the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The son that he avoids welcomes the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The son that he blocks interrupts the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The son that he blocks observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	block
objrel_pronoun	The son that he defends ignores the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignore	defend
objrel_pronoun	The son that he ignores defends the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The son that he interrupts avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The son that he knows avoids the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	know
objrel_pronoun	The son that he knows stops the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	know
objrel_pronoun	The son that he knows welcomes the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	know
objrel_pronoun	The son that he observes defends the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that he observes interrupts the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that he stops greets the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The son that he stops ignores the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The son that he watches ignores the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	watch
objrel_pronoun	The son that he watches interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	watch
objrel_pronoun	The son that he welcomes knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The son that he welcomes meets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The son that she attracts welcomes the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	attract
objrel_pronoun	The son that she avoids interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The son that she blocks welcomes the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	block
objrel_pronoun	The son that she defends attracts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	defend
objrel_pronoun	The son that she defends meets the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	defend
objrel_pronoun	The son that she defends stops the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	defend
objrel_pronoun	The son that she greets interrupts the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	greet
objrel_pronoun	The son that she greets welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	greet
objrel_pronoun	The son that she ignores attracts the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The son that she interrupts avoids the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The son that she interrupts greets the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The son that she interrupts ignores the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The son that she interrupts knows the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	know	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The son that she meets observes the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The son that she observes defends the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that she observes ignores the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that she observes knows the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that she observes stops the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that she observes welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	observe
objrel_pronoun	The son that she stops attracts the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	stop
objrel_pronoun	The son that she watches avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	watch
objrel_pronoun	The son that she watches meets the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The son that she welcomes avoids the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that he attracts defends the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	attract
objrel_pronoun	The student that he attracts greets the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	attract
objrel_pronoun	The student that he avoids attracts the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The student that he avoids stops the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stop	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The student that he blocks interrupts the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The student that he blocks knows the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	know	block
objrel_pronoun	The student that he defends attracts the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that he defends welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that he greets knows the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	know	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he ignores greets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that he ignores greets the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that he ignores knows the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that he knows observes the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The student that he knows welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	know
objrel_pronoun	The student that he meets attracts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he meets blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	block	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he meets observes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that he stops ignores the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that he stops ignores the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that he stops interrupts the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that he stops meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that he stops meets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	stop
objrel_pronoun	The student that he watches defends the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The student that he welcomes blocks the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	block	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that he welcomes defends the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that he welcomes meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meet	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that he welcomes stops the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that she attracts blocks the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	attract
objrel_pronoun	The student that she attracts knows the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	know	attract
objrel_pronoun	The student that she avoids observes the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The student that she blocks greets the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	block
objrel_pronoun	The student that she blocks interrupts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupt	block
objrel_pronoun	The student that she blocks stops the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	block
objrel_pronoun	The student that she defends watches the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	defend
objrel_pronoun	The student that she greets attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she greets avoids the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she greets stops the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	greet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she ignores blocks the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	block	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that she ignores watches the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The student that she knows observes the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	know
objrel_pronoun	The student that she meets defends the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she meets greets the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greet	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she meets observes the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she meets watches the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The student that she observes defends the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	observe
objrel_pronoun	The student that she observes interrupts the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	observe
objrel_pronoun	The student that she observes knows the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	know	observe
objrel_pronoun	The student that she observes stops the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stop	observe
objrel_pronoun	The student that she watches defends the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	watch
objrel_pronoun	The student that she watches greets the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	watch
objrel_pronoun	The student that she watches welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	watch
objrel_pronoun	The student that she welcomes avoids the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The student that she welcomes watches the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watch	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he attracts interrupts the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupt	attract
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he avoids observes the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observe	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he avoids welcomes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he blocks welcomes the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcome	block
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he defends attracts the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attract	defend
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he defends knows the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	know	defend
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he interrupts avoids the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he meets watches the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watch	meet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he observes ignores the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignore	observe
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he stops avoids the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoid	stop
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he stops knows the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	know	stop
objrel_pronoun	The woman that he watches avoids the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	watch
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she attracts defends the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defend	attract
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she greets attracts the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attract	greet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she greets blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	greet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she interrupts defends the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defend	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she knows avoids the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoid	know
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she knows blocks the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	know
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she knows greets the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greet	know
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she knows meets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meet	know
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she knows welcomes the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcome	know
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she meets observes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observe	meet
objrel_pronoun	The woman that she observes blocks the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	block	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they attract defends the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they attract meets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they attract stops the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they avoid greets the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they avoid watches the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they block attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they block ignores the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they block watches the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they defend avoids the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they defend knows the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	know	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they defend stops the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they defend welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they greet observes the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they ignore blocks the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they ignore blocks the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they ignore meets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they interrupt greets the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they interrupt observes the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they interrupt stops the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they know defends the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they meet ignores the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they meet observes the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they meet watches the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they observe attracts the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they observe stops the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop avoids the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop defends the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop interrupts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop meets the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop watches the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they welcome avoids the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they welcome watches the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they attract greets the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they attract interrupts the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they attract meets the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they avoid ignores the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they avoid interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they avoid stops the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they block attracts the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they block greets the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they block knows the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they block knows the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	know	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they defend avoids the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they defend blocks the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	block	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they defend ignores the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they defend interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they defend knows the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they greet avoids the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they greet blocks the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they ignore knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	know	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they ignore welcomes the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they interrupt attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they interrupt attracts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they interrupt ignores the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they know interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they know meets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they meet blocks the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they meet greets the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they meet interrupts the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they observe attracts the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they observe interrupts the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they stop defends the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they stop knows the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	know	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they watch attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they watch attracts the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they welcome interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they avoid knows the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they avoid knows the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they avoid stops the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they block attracts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they block knows the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	know	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they block meets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they block observes the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they defend interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	defends
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they defend stops the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	defends
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they greet defends the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they greet stops the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they ignore defends the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they ignore interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they interrupt defends the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they interrupt knows the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	know	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they know greets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they meet greets the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they meet welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they observe avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they observe blocks the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	block	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they observe greets the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they stop defends the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they stop greets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they stop observes the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they watch greets the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	watches
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they welcome blocks the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they attract knows the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they block knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they block welcomes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they defend avoids the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	defends
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they greet knows the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they greet meets the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they ignore blocks the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they ignore greets the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they interrupt welcomes the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they know attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	knows
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they know interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	knows
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they know watches the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	knows
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they meet blocks the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they meet stops the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they meet welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they observe greets the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they observe watches the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they stop greets the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they stop observes the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they watch interrupts the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	watches
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they watch stops the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	watches
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they welcome blocks the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	block	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they welcome defends the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they welcome knows the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract blocks the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	block	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract defends the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract ignores the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract interrupts the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract meets the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract observes the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract welcomes the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid blocks the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	block	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid defends the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid interrupts the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid observes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid stops the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid welcomes the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they block defends the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they block defends the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they block ignores the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they defend ignores the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they defend interrupts the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they greet blocks the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they greet knows the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they greet watches the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore attracts the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore attracts the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore attracts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore attracts the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore defends the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore interrupts the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore interrupts the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they interrupt avoids the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they interrupt ignores the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they interrupt meets the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they interrupt observes the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they interrupt watches the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they know blocks the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they know interrupts the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they know stops the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet attracts the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet attracts the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet attracts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet defends the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet defends the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet watches the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet watches the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they observe interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they observe stops the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they stop knows the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	know	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they stop meets the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they stop observes the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they stop welcomes the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they stop welcomes the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they watch blocks the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	block	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they watch meets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they watch meets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they watch stops the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	watches
objrel_pronoun	The father that they attract interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they avoid greets the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The father that they defend attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	defends
objrel_pronoun	The father that they defend interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	defends
objrel_pronoun	The father that they defend knows the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	know	defends
objrel_pronoun	The father that they defend welcomes the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The father that they greet blocks the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	block	greets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they greet defends the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	greets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they greet ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	greets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they greet interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	greets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they greet watches the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	greets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore attracts the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore blocks the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore knows the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	know	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore observes the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore observes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore watches the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they interrupt greets the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they interrupt greets the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they interrupt ignores the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they interrupt welcomes the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they know attracts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	knows
objrel_pronoun	The father that they meet attracts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they meet avoids the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they meet blocks the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they meet blocks the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they observe avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they observe ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	observes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they observe meets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they observe stops the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they observe watches the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	observes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they stop blocks the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	stops
objrel_pronoun	The father that they stop defends the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The father that they stop interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	stops
objrel_pronoun	The father that they watch avoids the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	watches
objrel_pronoun	The father that they watch knows the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	watches
objrel_pronoun	The father that they welcome defends the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they attract observes the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they attract welcomes the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid attracts the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid blocks the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	block	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid blocks the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	block	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid meets the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid meets the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block attracts the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block avoids the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block greets the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block observes the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block observes the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block watches the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block watches the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block welcomes the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend avoids the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend blocks the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend ignores the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend knows the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	know	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend meets the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend welcomes the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet attracts the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet knows the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet knows the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet knows the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet observes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet stops the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore blocks the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore greets the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore greets the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore greets the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore greets the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore observes the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore welcomes the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they interrupt avoids the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they interrupt meets the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they interrupt watches the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they know meets the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they know watches the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they know watches the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet avoids the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet defends the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet ignores the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet knows the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	know	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet knows the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	know	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet stops the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet stops the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet welcomes the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe attracts the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe blocks the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe greets the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe knows the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe meets the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they stop avoids the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they stop avoids the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they stop defends the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they stop greets the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch greets the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch observes the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch stops the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they welcome defends the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they welcome meets the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they welcome observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they welcome observes the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they welcome stops the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they welcome stops the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they attract avoids the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they attract watches the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they attract welcomes the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they attract welcomes the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they avoid defends the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they avoid greets the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they avoid knows the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they avoid meets the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they block interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they block meets the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they block observes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they defend attracts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they defend stops the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they defend watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they greet blocks the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they greet defends the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they greet ignores the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they ignore attracts the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they ignore blocks the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they interrupt ignores the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they know attracts the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	knows
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they know avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they know ignores the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	knows
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they meet blocks the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they observe attracts the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	observes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they observe attracts the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	observes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they observe knows the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	know	observes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they observe meets the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they stop ignores the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	stops
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they watch ignores the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they watch ignores the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they watch observes the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they welcome attracts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they welcome interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they welcome meets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract greets the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract knows the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract observes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they avoid ignores the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The man that they avoid ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The man that they avoid ignores the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The man that they avoid interrupts the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The man that they block interrupts the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The man that they block knows the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The man that they block watches the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The man that they block welcomes the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The man that they defend attracts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	defends
objrel_pronoun	The man that they defend attracts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	defends
objrel_pronoun	The man that they defend blocks the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	block	defends
objrel_pronoun	The man that they defend stops the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	defends
objrel_pronoun	The man that they greet defends the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	greets
objrel_pronoun	The man that they greet stops the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	greets
objrel_pronoun	The man that they ignore attracts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The man that they ignore avoids the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The man that they ignore welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The man that they know defends the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	knows
objrel_pronoun	The man that they know defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	knows
objrel_pronoun	The man that they know observes the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	knows
objrel_pronoun	The man that they know watches the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	knows
objrel_pronoun	The man that they meet ignores the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	meets
objrel_pronoun	The man that they observe knows the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	know	observes
objrel_pronoun	The man that they stop interrupts the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	stops
objrel_pronoun	The man that they stop meets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The man that they watch interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	watches
objrel_pronoun	The man that they welcome blocks the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The man that they welcome watches the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they attract observes the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they block ignores the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they block meets the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they block watches the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they defend blocks the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they defend ignores the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they defend interrupts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they defend observes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they greet meets the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they ignore blocks the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they ignore interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they ignore stops the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they ignore watches the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they interrupt attracts the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they know attracts the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they know avoids the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they know defends the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they know interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they know meets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they meet avoids the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they meet blocks the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they meet welcomes the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they meet welcomes the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they observe defends the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they stop defends the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they watch welcomes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	watches
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they welcome attracts the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they welcome observes the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they attract ignores the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they attract observes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they attract welcomes the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they attract welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they avoid interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The son that they block attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The son that they block defends the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The son that they block defends the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The son that they block greets the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The son that they block welcomes the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The son that they defend ignores the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	defends
objrel_pronoun	The son that they defend welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The son that they greet defends the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	greets
objrel_pronoun	The son that they greet ignores the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	greets
objrel_pronoun	The son that they greet stops the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	greets
objrel_pronoun	The son that they ignore knows the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	know	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The son that they ignore watches the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The son that they interrupt avoids the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they interrupt watches the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they know attracts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	knows
objrel_pronoun	The son that they know ignores the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	knows
objrel_pronoun	The son that they know interrupts the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	knows
objrel_pronoun	The son that they meet attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The son that they meet avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The son that they meet interrupts the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	meets
objrel_pronoun	The son that they meet knows the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	meets
objrel_pronoun	The son that they meet stops the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The son that they observe interrupts the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	observes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they observe welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	observes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they stop knows the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	stops
objrel_pronoun	The son that they watch attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	watches
objrel_pronoun	The son that they watch meets the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	watches
objrel_pronoun	The son that they watch stops the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	watches
objrel_pronoun	The son that they welcome attracts the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they welcome blocks the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they welcome stops the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract defends the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract observes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract stops the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract stops the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract stops the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid attracts the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid attracts the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid defends the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid defends the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid knows the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid meets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid stops the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid watches the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid welcomes the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block greets the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block greets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block ignores the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block ignores the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block ignores the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block knows the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	know	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block meets the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they defend blocks the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	block	defends
objrel_pronoun	The student that they defend blocks the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	block	defends
objrel_pronoun	The student that they defend stops the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	defends
objrel_pronoun	The student that they greet defends the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	greets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they greet interrupts the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	greets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they greet interrupts the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	greets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they greet knows the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they greet meets the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	greets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they greet stops the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	greets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they greet stops the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	greets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore attracts the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore defends the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore greets the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore meets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore watches the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore welcomes the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt avoids the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt defends the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt defends the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt defends the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt greets the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt meets the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt meets the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt observes the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt watches the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt welcomes the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcome	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they know avoids the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	knows
objrel_pronoun	The student that they know blocks the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	block	knows
objrel_pronoun	The student that they know greets the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The student that they know stops the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	knows
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet attracts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet blocks the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet defends the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet stops the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet watches the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet welcomes the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet welcomes the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcome	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe blocks the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	block	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe knows the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	know	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe stops the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop attracts the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop attracts the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop avoids the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop blocks the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	block	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop defends the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop meets the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop meets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they watch attracts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attract	watches
objrel_pronoun	The student that they watch interrupts the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	watches
objrel_pronoun	The student that they welcome attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they welcome ignores the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignore	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they welcome observes the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they welcome observes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they attract defends the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they attract interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they attract observes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they avoid interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they avoid watches the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they block avoids the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they block defends the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they block interrupts the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupt	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they block observes the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observe	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they block stops the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they greet interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupt	greets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they greet watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watch	greets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they ignore defends the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defend	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they interrupt avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they interrupt knows the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	know	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they interrupt meets the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they interrupt observes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they know greets the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they know meets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they know stops the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	knows
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they meet attracts the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they meet avoids the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they observe stops the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they stop defends the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they stop watches the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watch	stops
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they watch avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoid	watches
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they watch ignores the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignore	watches
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they watch observes the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observe	watches
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they welcome stops the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stop	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they attract defends the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they attract welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they avoid knows the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they avoid observes the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they block meets the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they block meets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they block watches the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they greet observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they greet stops the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they greet watches the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they greet watches the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they greet welcomes the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they ignore interrupts the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they ignore stops the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they ignore stops the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they interrupt greets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they know avoids the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they know greets the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they know observes the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they meet attracts the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they meet greets the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they observe attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop defends the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop ignores the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they stop ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they watch stops the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they welcome knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actor that they welcome watches the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they attract observes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they avoid blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they avoid knows the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they defend attracts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they defend blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	block	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they defend greets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they defend welcomes the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they ignore blocks the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they ignore meets the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they interrupt defends the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they interrupt greets the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they interrupt observes the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they interrupt observes the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they interrupt stops the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they interrupt welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they know interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they know observes the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they know stops the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they meet blocks the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they observe watches the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they stop attracts the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they stop interrupts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they stop knows the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they watch blocks the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they watch interrupts the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they watch knows the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they welcome greets the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actress that they welcome ignores the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they attract interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they avoid blocks the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they avoid ignores the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they avoid knows the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they avoid welcomes the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they defend welcomes the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they greet attracts the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they greet avoids the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they greet blocks the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they greet ignores the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they greet observes the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they greet observes the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they greet stops the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they ignore watches the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they interrupt avoids the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they interrupt avoids the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they interrupt ignores the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they interrupt meets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they know attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	knows
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they meet attracts the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they meet attracts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they meet avoids the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they meet blocks the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they observe defends the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they observe knows the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they observe watches the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they observe welcomes the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they stop attracts the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they stop observes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they stop observes the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they stop watches the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they watch defends the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	watches
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they welcome greets the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they welcome ignores the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boy that they welcome interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they attract knows the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they attract observes the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they attract observes the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they block avoids the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they block stops the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they defend watches the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	defends
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they defend welcomes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they greet avoids the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they greet interrupts the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they greet welcomes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they ignore blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they interrupt avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they meet avoids the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they meet interrupts the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they meet stops the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they observe blocks the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they observe ignores the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they observe ignores the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they observe meets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they observe welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they stop avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they stop avoids the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they stop observes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they stop watches the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they watch stops the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	watches
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they welcome blocks the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they welcome defends the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they welcome defends the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughter that they welcome defends the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract blocks the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract knows the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they attract welcomes the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid attracts the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid stops the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they avoid welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they block attracts the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they block greets the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they block interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they block observes the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they defend attracts the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they defend ignores the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they defend knows the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they defend knows the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they defend observes the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they defend observes the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they defend stops the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they greet blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they greet ignores the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they greet ignores the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they greet knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they greet observes the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they greet observes the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore blocks the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore blocks the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore blocks the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore greets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore interrupts the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they ignore watches the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they interrupt ignores the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they interrupt knows the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they know attracts the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they know blocks the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they know greets the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they know greets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they know stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet blocks the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet greets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they meet watches the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they observe greets the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they observe greets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they observe knows the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they observe meets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they observe stops the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they observe stops the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they observe watches the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they stop blocks the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they stop defends the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they stop greets the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they stop knows the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they watch blocks the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they watch defends the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they watch welcomes the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they welcome attracts the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they welcome avoids the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they welcome defends the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they welcome knows the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they welcome meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmer that they welcome observes the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they attract stops the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they attract watches the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they attract welcomes the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they avoid ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The father that they avoid meets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The father that they avoid observes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The father that they avoid watches the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The father that they block attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The father that they defend blocks the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	defends
objrel_pronoun	The father that they defend knows the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	defends
objrel_pronoun	The father that they defend meets the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	defends
objrel_pronoun	The father that they defend meets the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	defends
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore attracts the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore blocks the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore greets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore greets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they ignore knows the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The father that they interrupt attracts the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they interrupt avoids the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they interrupt blocks the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they interrupt blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they interrupt stops the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The father that they know avoids the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_pronoun	The father that they know blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	knows
objrel_pronoun	The father that they know welcomes the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	knows
objrel_pronoun	The father that they meet stops the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The father that they observe meets the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they stop observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	stops
objrel_pronoun	The father that they watch meets the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	watches
objrel_pronoun	The father that they watch welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	watches
objrel_pronoun	The father that they watch welcomes the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	watches
objrel_pronoun	The father that they welcome interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they welcome interrupts the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they welcome knows the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The father that they welcome stops the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they attract greets the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they attract observes the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid attracts the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid defends the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid knows the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid meets the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid meets the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they avoid stops the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block attracts the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block avoids the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block knows the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they block stops the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend avoids the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend avoids the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend interrupts the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend stops the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend welcomes the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they defend welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet avoids the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet knows the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet knows the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they greet stops the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore blocks the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore blocks the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore defends the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore meets the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore stops the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore welcomes the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore welcomes the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they ignore welcomes the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they interrupt defends the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they interrupt knows the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they know attracts the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they know avoids the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they know defends the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they know ignores the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they know watches the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet attracts the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet interrupts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet observes the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet stops the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet watches the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet welcomes the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they meet welcomes the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe defends the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe ignores the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe ignores the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe ignores the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe interrupts the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe knows the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe meets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe stops the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe welcomes the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they observe welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they stop interrupts the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they stop knows the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they stop welcomes the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch blocks the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch ignores the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch knows the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch observes the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they watch observes the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they welcome interrupts the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they welcome meets the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friend that they welcome meets the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they attract blocks the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they attract interrupts the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they attract interrupts the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they attract observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they avoid attracts the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they avoid blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they avoid welcomes the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they defend greets the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they defend greets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they greet interrupts the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they greet interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they ignore observes the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they interrupt attracts the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they interrupt ignores the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they interrupt knows the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they interrupt observes the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they interrupt observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they know blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	knows
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they know observes the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	knows
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they meet attracts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they meet avoids the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they meet ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they meet knows the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they meet stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they observe defends the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	observes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they observe welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	observes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they stop defends the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	stops
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they stop watches the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	stops
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they stop welcomes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	stops
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they stop welcomes the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	stops
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they watch interrupts the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they watch knows the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they watch knows the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they watch welcomes the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they welcome defends the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they welcome knows the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girl that they welcome stops the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract ignores the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract ignores the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract knows the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract knows the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract meets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract observes the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they attract observes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they avoid attracts the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The man that they avoid attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The man that they avoid knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The man that they avoid welcomes the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The man that they block attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The man that they block ignores the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The man that they block welcomes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The man that they defend avoids the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	defends
objrel_pronoun	The man that they defend welcomes the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	defends
objrel_pronoun	The man that they greet knows the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The man that they ignore defends the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The man that they ignore interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The man that they ignore meets the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The man that they interrupt avoids the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they interrupt blocks the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they interrupt greets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they interrupt welcomes the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The man that they know blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	block	knows
objrel_pronoun	The man that they know interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	knows
objrel_pronoun	The man that they know watches the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	knows
objrel_pronoun	The man that they meet attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	meets
objrel_pronoun	The man that they meet avoids the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The man that they stop avoids the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The man that they stop welcomes the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	stops
objrel_pronoun	The man that they stop welcomes the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	stops
objrel_pronoun	The man that they watch attracts the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	watches
objrel_pronoun	The man that they watch meets the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	watches
objrel_pronoun	The man that they welcome blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The man that they welcome meets the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meet	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they attract avoids the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they attract knows the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they avoid attracts the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they avoid blocks the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they avoid meets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they avoid observes the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they block ignores the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they block ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they block watches the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they defend ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they defend ignores the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they greet attracts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they greet blocks the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	block	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they greet observes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they greet welcomes the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they interrupt attracts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they know avoids the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they know avoids the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they know ignores the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they know stops the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they meet knows the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they meet observes the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they observe interrupts the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they observe stops the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they observe watches the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watch	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they observe welcomes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcome	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they stop avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they stop greets the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they stop ignores the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they watch ignores the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	watches
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they watch meets the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	watches
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they welcome blocks the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they welcome knows the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they welcome knows the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The mother that they welcome stops the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they attract defends the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they attract knows the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they attract knows the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they avoid defends the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The son that they avoid greets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The son that they block attracts the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The son that they block knows the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The son that they block meets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The son that they block observes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The son that they defend observes the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	defends
objrel_pronoun	The son that they greet defends the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	greets
objrel_pronoun	The son that they ignore meets the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The son that they ignore meets the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The son that they ignore stops the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The son that they interrupt knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The son that they know observes the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	knows
objrel_pronoun	The son that they know watches the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	knows
objrel_pronoun	The son that they observe watches the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	observes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they watch blocks the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	watches
objrel_pronoun	The son that they watch knows the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	watches
objrel_pronoun	The son that they watch stops the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	watches
objrel_pronoun	The son that they welcome attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they welcome attracts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they welcome avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The son that they welcome blocks the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	block	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract avoids the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract defends the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract greets the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract knows the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract observes the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract watches the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they attract welcomes the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid ignores the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid ignores the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid knows the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they avoid observes the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block avoids the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block defends the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they block observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The student that they defend blocks the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	defends
objrel_pronoun	The student that they defend greets the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greet	defends
objrel_pronoun	The student that they defend observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	defends
objrel_pronoun	The student that they defend stops the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	defends
objrel_pronoun	The student that they defend watches the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	defends
objrel_pronoun	The student that they greet blocks the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	block	greets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they greet interrupts the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	greets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore knows the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	know	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore knows the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore observes the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they ignore watches the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt attracts the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt defends the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt defends the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt knows the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt observes the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they interrupt welcomes the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The student that they know watches the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watch	knows
objrel_pronoun	The student that they know welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	knows
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet avoids the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet blocks the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	block	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet defends the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet observes the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they meet observes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	meets
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe attracts the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe blocks the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe blocks the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	block	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe defends the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe ignores the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe interrupts the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe knows the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe stops the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stop	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they observe welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	observes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop attracts the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop avoids the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoid	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they stop ignores the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	stops
objrel_pronoun	The student that they watch attracts the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attract	watches
objrel_pronoun	The student that they welcome interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The student that they welcome knows the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they attract observes the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they avoid defends the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they avoid knows the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	know	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they avoid observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they block ignores the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they block knows the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	know	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they defend greets the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	defends
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they defend ignores the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	defends
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they defend observes the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observe	defends
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they greet defends the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	greets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they greet knows the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	greets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they greet meets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	greets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they greet observes the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observe	greets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they ignore defends the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they ignore interrupts the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupt	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they ignore interrupts the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupt	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they interrupt defends the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defend	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they interrupt greets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greet	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they interrupt knows the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they interrupt knows the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	know	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they know ignores the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	knows
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they know meets the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	knows
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they meet avoids the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoid	meets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they meet defends the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defend	meets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they meet stops the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	meets
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they observe ignores the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	observes
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they stop ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignore	stops
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they watch attracts the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attract	watches
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they watch stops the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stop	watches
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they watch welcomes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcome	watches
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they welcome ignores the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignore	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The woman that they welcome meets the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meet	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he attracts interrupt the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he attracts interrupt the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he avoids stop the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he blocks greet the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he greets observe the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he ignores observe the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he meets avoid the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he meets interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he observes defend the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he watches meet the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she avoids interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she blocks attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	block
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she blocks interrupt the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	block
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she blocks watch the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she defends avoid the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she defends stop the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she greets observe the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she greets welcome the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she knows welcome the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	know
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she observes welcome the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she stops defend the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she watches ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she welcomes avoid the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she welcomes stop the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he attracts ignore the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he avoids know the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he avoids know the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he avoids observe the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he blocks avoid the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	block
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he blocks defend the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	block
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he blocks know the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	block
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he greets observe the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he interrupts avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he interrupts greet the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he knows meet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	know
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he meets greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he observes stop the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he stops meet the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she attracts observe the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she avoids block the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she avoids greet the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she greets interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she greets interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she greets stop the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she greets welcome the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she ignores attract the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she knows avoid the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	know
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she knows greet the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	know
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she knows interrupt the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	know
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she meets attract the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she meets defend the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she observes know the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she observes stop the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she stops block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she watches avoid the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she watches defend the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	watch
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he attracts interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he avoids meet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he blocks stop the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	block
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he defends avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he greets stop the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he knows defend the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	know
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he knows meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	know
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he meets greet the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he observes defend the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	observe
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he observes interrupt the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he observes welcome the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	observe
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he stops attract the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he stops avoid the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he stops watch the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he welcomes attract the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he welcomes avoid the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he welcomes ignore the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she attracts avoid the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she attracts ignore the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she avoids interrupt the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she defends avoid the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she defends block the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she defends greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she greets defend the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she ignores avoid the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she ignores interrupt the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she ignores stop the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she knows avoid the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	know
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she knows watch the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	know
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she meets attract the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	meet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she meets watch the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	meet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she stops observe the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she watches interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she welcomes know the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he attracts defend the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	attract
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he avoids watch the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he blocks avoid the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	block
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he blocks defend the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	block
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he blocks interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	block
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he blocks know the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	block
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he blocks watch the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he defends ignore the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he greets block the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he greets block the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he greets ignore the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he ignores know the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he interrupts block the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he knows welcome the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	know
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he meets stop the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	meet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he observes greet the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he observes interrupt the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he observes stop the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he stops block the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he watches block the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he watches defend the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he watches greet the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he welcomes meet the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she attracts avoid the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	attract
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she attracts welcome the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she blocks attract the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	block
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she defends ignore the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she greets attract the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she greets welcome the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she interrupts avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she interrupts stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she knows defend the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	know
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she meets know the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	meet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she observes attract the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she observes attract the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts block the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts defend the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts stop the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts watch the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts watch the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts watch the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he avoids stop the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he blocks avoid the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he blocks greet the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he blocks meet the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he blocks watch the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he blocks watch the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he defends attract the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he defends avoid the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he defends ignore the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he defends meet the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he defends stop the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he greets block the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he ignores attract the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he ignores know the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he ignores watch the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he interrupts attract the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he interrupts know the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he interrupts stop the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he interrupts watch the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he interrupts watch the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he knows ignore the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he knows interrupt the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he knows stop the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he knows welcome the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he meets know the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he meets observe the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he observes know the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he stops attract the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he stops greet the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he stops greet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he watches interrupt the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he watches observe the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he welcomes avoid the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he welcomes avoid the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she attracts ignore the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she attracts ignore the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she attracts interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she attracts meet the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she avoids ignore the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she avoids meet the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she blocks avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she blocks welcome the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she defends block the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she defends observe the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she defends stop the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she defends welcome the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she greets avoid the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she greets ignore the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she greets stop the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she ignores watch the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she interrupts avoid the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she interrupts block the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she interrupts observe the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she interrupts watch the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she knows meet the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	know
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she meets avoid the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she meets greet the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she meets greet the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she meets observe the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she meets welcome the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she meets welcome the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes attract the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes avoid the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes ignore the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes interrupt the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes watch the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she stops greet the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she stops meet the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she stops observe the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she stops watch the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she watches avoid the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she watches observe the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she watches stop the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she welcomes attract the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she welcomes defend the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she welcomes stop the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she welcomes watch the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he attracts interrupt the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he avoids block the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he avoids meet the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he blocks defend the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	block
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he blocks meet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he defends meet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he greets know the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	greet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he ignores greet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he ignores greet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he interrupts observe the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he meets defend the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he observes know the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	observe
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he welcomes observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she attracts observe the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she attracts welcome the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she avoids block the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she blocks meet the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she defends watch the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	defend
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she greets attract the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she greets interrupt the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she greets watch the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	greet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she knows block the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she knows defend the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	know
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she meets stop the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	meet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she observes avoid the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she watches stop the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	watch
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she watches welcome the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she welcomes ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she welcomes interrupt the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she welcomes meet the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts know the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts watch the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he avoids attract the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he avoids attract the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he blocks avoid the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he blocks greet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he blocks know the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he blocks watch the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he blocks watch the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he defends avoid the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he greets ignore the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he ignores defend the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he ignores defend the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he ignores stop the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he ignores watch the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he ignores welcome the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he interrupts attract the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he interrupts defend the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he knows avoid the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	know
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he knows defend the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	know
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he knows welcome the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	know
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he meets greet the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he meets greet the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he observes attract the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he observes avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he observes block the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he observes ignore the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he observes welcome the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he stops block the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he stops ignore the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he watches avoid the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she attracts defend the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she avoids attract the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she avoids defend the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she avoids greet the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she blocks greet the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she blocks meet the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she blocks stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she blocks welcome the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she defends greet the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she defends watch the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she defends welcome the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she greets interrupt the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she greets stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she ignores block the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she ignores watch the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she interrupts attract the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she interrupts attract the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she interrupts ignore the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she interrupts meet the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she interrupts stop the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she interrupts stop the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she interrupts welcome the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she knows attract the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	know
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she knows block the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she stops interrupt the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she stops interrupt the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she watches defend the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she watches ignore the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she watches interrupt the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she watches know the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she watches observe the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she welcomes meet the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he attracts interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he avoids greet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he avoids ignore the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he blocks avoid the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	block
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he ignores attract the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he ignores meet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he ignores welcome the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he interrupts meet the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he knows observe the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	know
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he meets attract the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she attracts know the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	attract
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she avoids stop the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she blocks know the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	block
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she blocks welcome the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	block
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she defends stop the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she greets block the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she greets welcome the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she ignores stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she knows block the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she knows meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	know
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she meets defend the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she meets greet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she meets interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she observes meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she observes stop the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she stops block the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she stops meet the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The men that he attracts block the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The men that he attracts interrupt the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The men that he blocks greet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The men that he blocks observe the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	block
objrel_pronoun	The men that he blocks observe the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	block
objrel_pronoun	The men that he ignores block the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The men that he ignores greet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The men that he ignores observe the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The men that he interrupts avoid the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The men that he interrupts meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The men that he knows observe the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	know
objrel_pronoun	The men that he knows watch the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	know
objrel_pronoun	The men that he meets greet the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The men that he observes avoid the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The men that he watches block the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	watch
objrel_pronoun	The men that he watches meet the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The men that she avoids greet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The men that she avoids watch the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The men that she defends avoid the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	defend
objrel_pronoun	The men that she defends welcome the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The men that she ignores avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The men that she interrupts know the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The men that she interrupts know the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The men that she interrupts meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The men that she interrupts observe the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The men that she interrupts watch the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The men that she knows attract the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	know
objrel_pronoun	The men that she knows block the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The men that she knows observe the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	know
objrel_pronoun	The men that she meets ignore the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	meet
objrel_pronoun	The men that she meets stop the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	meet
objrel_pronoun	The men that she stops attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The men that she stops know the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	stop
objrel_pronoun	The men that she stops know the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	stop
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he avoids attract the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he blocks attract the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	block
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he blocks greet the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he defends know the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	defend
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he defends stop the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	defend
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he defends watch the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	defend
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he defends watch the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	defend
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he greets interrupt the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he ignores greet the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he interrupts ignore the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he knows block the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he meets avoid the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	meet
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he meets greet the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he meets ignore the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	meet
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he watches ignore the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	watch
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he watches observe the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he welcomes ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he welcomes meet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she attracts interrupt the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she attracts meet the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she attracts observe the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she defends block the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she defends stop the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	defend
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she ignores interrupt the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she ignores meet the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she interrupts watch the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she knows greet the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	know
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she knows interrupt the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	know
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she meets stop the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	meet
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she observes meet the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she watches avoid the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	watch
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he attracts avoid the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he attracts block the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he attracts interrupt the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he attracts welcome the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he avoids attract the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he blocks greet the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he blocks meet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he blocks meet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he blocks meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he defends know the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	defend
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he greets observe the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he greets welcome the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he ignores observe the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he knows attract the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	know
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he knows defend the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	know
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he knows watch the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	know
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he knows welcome the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	know
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he stops attract the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he stops ignore the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	stop
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he watches meet the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she attracts avoid the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	avoids	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she attracts greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she avoids attract the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she avoids observe the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she blocks avoid the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	block
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she defends block the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she defends observe the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she greets welcome the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she ignores welcome the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she interrupts greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she interrupts know the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she interrupts meet the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she knows block the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she meets avoid the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	meet
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she observes ignore the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she observes meet the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she watches interrupt the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she welcomes block the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she welcomes defend the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she welcomes ignore the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that he avoids know the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that he avoids welcome the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that he defends greet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The students that he defends know the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	defend
objrel_pronoun	The students that he greets meet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he greets meet the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he greets welcome the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he greets welcome the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he ignores block the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that he ignores greet the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that he ignores watch the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that he interrupts block the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The students that he interrupts ignore the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The students that he interrupts watch the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The students that he knows avoid the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	know
objrel_pronoun	The students that he knows meet the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	know
objrel_pronoun	The students that he knows meet the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	know
objrel_pronoun	The students that he meets observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he observes attract the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that he stops greet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The students that he stops welcome the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	stop
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches defend the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches greet the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches greet the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches know the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches know the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches meet the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches welcome the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	welcomes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he welcomes block the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that he welcomes block the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that he welcomes defend the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that he welcomes meet the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that he welcomes watch the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that she attracts ignore the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The students that she attracts watch the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The students that she avoids defend the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that she avoids ignore the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that she avoids meet the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that she blocks attract the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	block
objrel_pronoun	The students that she blocks know the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	block
objrel_pronoun	The students that she defends attract the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	defend
objrel_pronoun	The students that she greets attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	attracts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she greets interrupt the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she ignores block the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that she interrupts ignore the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The students that she interrupts watch the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The students that she meets avoid the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she meets ignore the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she meets know the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she observes attract the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that she observes know the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	knows	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that she stops watch the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	stop
objrel_pronoun	The students that she watches avoid the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	avoids	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that she watches interrupt the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that she welcomes defend the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that she welcomes interrupt the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that she welcomes meet the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that she welcomes stop the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The women that he attracts stop the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	stops	attract
objrel_pronoun	The women that he avoids interrupt the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	interrupts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The women that he avoids welcome the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The women that he blocks watch the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The women that he defends know the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	defend
objrel_pronoun	The women that he greets block the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	greet
objrel_pronoun	The women that he ignores interrupt the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	interrupts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The women that he interrupts know the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The women that he interrupts observe the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	observes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The women that he interrupts stop the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The women that he interrupts watch the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The women that he meets defend the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The women that he meets defend the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The women that he stops attract the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	attracts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The women that he stops ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	stop
objrel_pronoun	The women that he welcomes block the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	blocks	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The women that he welcomes ignore the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	ignores	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The women that she attracts block the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The women that she attracts know the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	knows	attract
objrel_pronoun	The women that she attracts stop the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	stops	attract
objrel_pronoun	The women that she attracts welcome the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	welcomes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The women that she blocks ignore the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	block
objrel_pronoun	The women that she defends greet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The women that she defends observe the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	observes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The women that she greets ignore the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The women that she interrupts block the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	blocks	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The women that she interrupts greet the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	greets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The women that she knows greet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	greets	know
objrel_pronoun	The women that she observes meet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	meets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The women that she stops watch the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	watches	stop
objrel_pronoun	The women that she welcomes meet the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	meets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he attracts stop the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he attracts watch the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he avoids interrupt the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he blocks meet the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he blocks stop the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	block
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he defends block the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he defends watch the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	defend
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he greets ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he ignores attract the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he ignores observe the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he ignores observe the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he ignores observe the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he ignores stop the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he knows interrupt the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	know
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he knows observe the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	know
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he meets attract the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he watches observe the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he welcomes attract the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actors that he welcomes stop the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she attracts watch the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she blocks ignore the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	block
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she greets defend the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she greets welcome the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she interrupts attract the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she interrupts welcome the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she knows avoid the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	know
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she knows block the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she meets observe the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she observes meet the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she stops block the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she watches avoid the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she watches interrupt the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actors that she welcomes greet the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he attracts stop the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he avoids meet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he greets observe the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he ignores block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he ignores interrupt the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he knows block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he knows watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	know
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he observes avoid the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he observes defend the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he watches attract the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he watches interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he watches know the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	watch
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that he welcomes block the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she attracts meet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she attracts stop the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	attract
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she avoids attract the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she avoids attract the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she avoids know the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she avoids know the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she avoids observe the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she avoids watch the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she greets avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she greets know the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she greets observe the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she interrupts know the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she knows block the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she meets greet the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she meets stop the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she meets watch the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	meet
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she observes ignore the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she observes stop the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	observe
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that she watches greet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he attracts avoid the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he attracts ignore the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he attracts observe the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he blocks defend the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	block
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he defends block the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he greets attract the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he ignores welcome the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he interrupts greet the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he meets stop the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	meet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he stops block the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he stops defend the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he watches defend the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	watch
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he watches observe the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The boys that he welcomes defend the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she attracts meet the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she attracts watch the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she avoids know the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she avoids observe the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she avoids welcome the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she ignores block the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she knows ignore the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	know
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she meets attract the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	meet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she meets defend the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she meets greet the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	meet
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she stops avoid the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	stop
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she watches stop the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	watch
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she welcomes observe the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The boys that she welcomes watch the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he attracts watch the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he avoids observe the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he blocks watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he defends block the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he greets attract the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he greets defend the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he interrupts avoid the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he interrupts know the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he knows avoid the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	know
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he knows stop the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	know
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he observes attract the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he observes defend the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he observes greet the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that he stops ignore the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	stop
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she attracts greet the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she avoids defend the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she avoids interrupt the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she avoids observe the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she blocks meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she blocks welcome the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	block
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she defends greet the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she greets avoid the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she greets welcome the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she ignores attract the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she ignores block the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she ignores block the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she ignores greet the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she interrupts know the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she meets interrupt the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	meet
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she observes avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she observes avoid the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she observes interrupt the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she stops block the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that she stops watch the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts ignore the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts interrupt the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts interrupt the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts meet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he attracts watch the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he avoids defend the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he avoids greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he avoids ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he avoids ignore the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he defends welcome the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he ignores observe the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he interrupts know the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he interrupts watch the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he meets interrupt the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he meets observe the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he watches avoid the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he watches interrupt the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he watches meet the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he watches welcome the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he welcomes ignore the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that he welcomes stop the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she attracts stop the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she attracts welcome the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she avoids attract the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she avoids ignore the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she avoids meet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she blocks defend the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she blocks greet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she blocks watch the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she defends block the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she defends observe the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she defends observe the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she greets avoid the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she greets meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she greets stop the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she greets stop the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	greet
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she ignores meet the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she interrupts attract the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she interrupts know the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she interrupts observe the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes attract the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes block the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes stop the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes watch the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she observes watch the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	observe
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she stops avoid the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	stop
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she welcomes attract the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she welcomes attract the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she welcomes block the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that she welcomes block the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he attracts defend the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	attract
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he attracts ignore the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he attracts meet the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he blocks watch the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he defends meet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he defends stop the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	defend
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he ignores interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he interrupts know the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he knows block the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he observes ignore the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he observes know the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	observe
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he stops defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	stop
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he stops ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	stop
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he watches attract the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he watches interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he welcomes greet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that he welcomes greet the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she attracts block the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she attracts know the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	attract
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she attracts watch the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she defends interrupt the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	defend
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she defends know the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	defend
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she defends stop the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	defend
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she greets attract the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she greets avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she greets welcome the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she knows avoid the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	know
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she knows block the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	know
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she knows ignore the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	know
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she meets watch the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	meet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she meets watch the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	meet
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she observes ignore the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she observes ignore the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she watches ignore the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	watch
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she welcomes greet the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she welcomes ignore the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she welcomes ignore the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that she welcomes stop the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts avoid the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts block the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts interrupt the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts know the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts meet the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts meet the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he attracts meet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he avoids stop the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he avoids welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he blocks attract the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he blocks ignore the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he blocks know the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he defends observe the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he defends welcome the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he greets defend the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he greets ignore the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he greets know the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he ignores defend the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he ignores watch the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he interrupts avoid the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he interrupts greet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he interrupts ignore the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he interrupts meet the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he interrupts observe the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he meets defend the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he meets defend the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he meets observe the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he meets watch the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he meets welcome the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he observes ignore the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he observes ignore the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he observes welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he stops interrupt the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he watches attract the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he watches block the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he watches interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he watches meet the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that he welcomes defend the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she attracts defend the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she attracts greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she attracts observe the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she blocks ignore the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she blocks meet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she blocks observe the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she blocks stop the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	block
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she defends attract the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she defends block the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she defends observe the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	defend
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she greets attract the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she greets ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she greets stop the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	greet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she ignores greet the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she ignores interrupt the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she ignores know the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she ignores observe the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she interrupts meet the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she knows greet the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	know
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she meets avoid the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	meet
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she observes attract the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she observes attract the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she observes defend the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she observes meet the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she stops ignore the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she stops know the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she stops welcome the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	stop
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she watches block the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she watches defend the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she watches greet the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The friends that she welcomes stop the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he attracts block the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he attracts ignore the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he avoids watch the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he greets block the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he greets observe the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he ignores know the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he ignores observe the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he meets block the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he observes attract the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he observes avoid the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he observes interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he observes know the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he observes watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he stops attract the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he stops block the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he stops watch the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he watches observe the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The girls that he welcomes attract the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she avoids ignore the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she avoids meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she blocks watch the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she defends avoid the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she defends avoid the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she defends block the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	defend
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she interrupts avoid the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she interrupts block the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she interrupts know the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she knows ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	know
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she knows watch the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	know
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she meets defend the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she meets welcome the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she observes attract the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she stops ignore the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	stop
objrel_pronoun	The girls that she watches greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The men that he attracts welcome the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The men that he defends avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	defend
objrel_pronoun	The men that he ignores attract the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The men that he ignores defend the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The men that he ignores greet the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The men that he ignores meet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The men that he interrupts attract the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The men that he knows ignore the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	know
objrel_pronoun	The men that he meets stop the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	meet
objrel_pronoun	The men that he observes avoid the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The men that he observes greet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The men that he stops meet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The men that he stops meet the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The men that he watches greet the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The men that he watches welcome the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The men that she attracts observe the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The men that she defends attract the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	defend
objrel_pronoun	The men that she greets attract the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The men that she greets interrupt the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	greet
objrel_pronoun	The men that she interrupts welcome the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The men that she knows attract the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	know
objrel_pronoun	The men that she stops greet the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The men that she watches welcome the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he attracts block the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he attracts welcome the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he avoids attract the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he greets ignore the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he greets know the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	greet
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he ignores stop the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he ignores watch the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he interrupts defend the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he interrupts stop the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he knows watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	know
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he stops block the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he stops know the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	stop
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he watches avoid the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	watch
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he welcomes avoid the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he welcomes defend the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he welcomes interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that he welcomes know the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she attracts avoid the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she attracts know the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	attract
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she avoids observe the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she blocks avoid the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	block
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she ignores attract the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she ignores greet the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she ignores interrupt the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she interrupts block the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she interrupts defend the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she knows ignore the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	know
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she meets ignore the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	meet
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she meets observe the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that she stops welcome the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	stop
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he attracts know the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he attracts meet the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he ignores block the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he interrupts meet the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he meets welcome the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he observes ignore the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he observes interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	observe
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he watches meet the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	watch
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he watches stop the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	watch
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he watches stop the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	watch
objrel_pronoun	The sons that he welcomes observe the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she attracts block the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she attracts block the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she attracts watch the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	attract
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she avoids defend the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she avoids observe the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she greets avoid the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she greets watch the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	greet
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she ignores attract the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she ignores know the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she meets block the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	meet
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she stops attract the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she stops avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	stop
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she stops interrupt the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	stop
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she welcomes avoid the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she welcomes interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The sons that she welcomes watch the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that he attracts ignore the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The students that he avoids attract the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that he avoids ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that he blocks ignore the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	block
objrel_pronoun	The students that he blocks welcome the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	block
objrel_pronoun	The students that he defends attract the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	defend
objrel_pronoun	The students that he greets block the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he greets defend the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he greets ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he greets know the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he greets observe the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he ignores greet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that he ignores interrupt the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	interrupts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that he ignores watch the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that he ignores welcome the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that he interrupts attract the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The students that he interrupts watch the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The students that he knows defend the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	know
objrel_pronoun	The students that he knows stop the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	know
objrel_pronoun	The students that he knows welcome the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	know
objrel_pronoun	The students that he meets watch the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that he observes avoid the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that he observes greet the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that he observes ignore the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that he observes ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that he observes watch the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that he stops avoid the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	stop
objrel_pronoun	The students that he stops meet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	stop
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches attract the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches interrupt the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	interrupts	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches stop the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches stop the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he watches welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	welcomes	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that he welcomes block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that she attracts block the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	attract
objrel_pronoun	The students that she avoids defend the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that she avoids meet the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	meets	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that she avoids watch the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that she avoids welcome the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that she avoids welcome the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The students that she blocks greet the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The students that she blocks greet the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The students that she blocks know the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	block
objrel_pronoun	The students that she defends greet the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The students that she greets avoid the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she greets defend the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	defends	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she greets ignore the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	greet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she ignores attract the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that she ignores stop the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The students that she knows greet the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	know
objrel_pronoun	The students that she knows stop the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	stops	know
objrel_pronoun	The students that she meets defend the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she meets ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she meets ignore the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	ignores	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she meets observe the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	observes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she meets welcome the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	welcomes	meet
objrel_pronoun	The students that she observes ignore the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that she observes meet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The students that she stops avoid the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	stop
objrel_pronoun	The students that she stops know the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	stop
objrel_pronoun	The students that she watches block the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	watch
objrel_pronoun	The students that she welcomes attract the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	attracts	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that she welcomes greet the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that she welcomes greet the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The students that she welcomes ignore the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The women that he attracts ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	attract
objrel_pronoun	The women that he blocks greet the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The women that he blocks know the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	block
objrel_pronoun	The women that he blocks watch the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The women that he blocks watch the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	block
objrel_pronoun	The women that he defends attract the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	attracts	defend
objrel_pronoun	The women that he defends greet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The women that he interrupts know the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The women that he knows observe the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	know
objrel_pronoun	The women that he knows watch the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	know
objrel_pronoun	The women that he knows watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	know
objrel_pronoun	The women that he meets block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	meet
objrel_pronoun	The women that he observes greet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	greets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The women that he observes watch the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	watches	observe
objrel_pronoun	The women that he stops avoid the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	stop
objrel_pronoun	The women that he stops know the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	stop
objrel_pronoun	The women that he stops know the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	stop
objrel_pronoun	The women that he welcomes avoid the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The women that she attracts observe the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	attract
objrel_pronoun	The women that she avoids block the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The women that she avoids ignore the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	ignores	avoid
objrel_pronoun	The women that she blocks greet the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	block
objrel_pronoun	The women that she defends meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	meets	defend
objrel_pronoun	The women that she greets avoid the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	avoids	greet
objrel_pronoun	The women that she ignores observe the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The women that she ignores stop the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	stops	ignore
objrel_pronoun	The women that she interrupts observe the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	observes	interrupt
objrel_pronoun	The women that she knows avoid the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	know
objrel_pronoun	The women that she meets block the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	blocks	meet
objrel_pronoun	The women that she meets know the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	meet
objrel_pronoun	The women that she observes greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	greets	observe
objrel_pronoun	The women that she observes know the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	knows	observe
objrel_pronoun	The women that she observes know the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	observe
objrel_pronoun	The women that she observes watch the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	watches	observe
objrel_pronoun	The women that she stops avoid the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	avoids	stop
objrel_pronoun	The women that she stops block the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	blocks	stop
objrel_pronoun	The women that she stops know the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	knows	stop
objrel_pronoun	The women that she welcomes defend the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	defends	welcome
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they attract greet the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they attract greet the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they attract welcome the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they avoid interrupt the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they avoid stop the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they block know the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they defend block the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they defend greet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they defend greet the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they defend know the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they defend observe the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they greet block the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they greet defend the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they greet defend the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they interrupt avoid the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they interrupt block the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they interrupt observe the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they interrupt watch the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they know avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they know watch the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they meet stop the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they observe ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they observe watch the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they observe welcome the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they observe welcome the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they stop attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they watch avoid the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they watch know the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they welcome defend the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they welcome greet the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they attract block the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they attract ignore the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they attract interrupt the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they attract meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they attract observe the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they avoid attract the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they avoid watch the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they avoid welcome the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they block attract the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they block defend the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they block interrupt the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they defend observe the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they greet stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they greet welcome the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they ignore know the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they ignore observe the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they interrupt meet the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they interrupt observe the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they interrupt welcome the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they know avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they know block the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they meet interrupt the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they observe attract the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they observe greet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they observe greet the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they stop block the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they stop ignore the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they stop know the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they stop know the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they stop watch the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they watch stop the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they welcome attract the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they welcome ignore the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they attract block the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they avoid greet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they avoid greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they avoid stop the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they defend avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	defends
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they defend greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they greet attract the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they greet attract the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they greet avoid the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they greet defend the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they greet know the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they greet meet the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they greet observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they greet stop the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they greet stop the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	greets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they ignore interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they ignore know the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they ignore know the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they know meet the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they meet defend the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they meet defend the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they meet greet the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they observe attract the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they stop know the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they stop meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they stop watch the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they watch interrupt the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	watches
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they welcome attract the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they welcome meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they welcome observe the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they welcome observe the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they attract block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they attract block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they attract ignore the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they block know the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they block stop the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they defend greet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they defend welcome the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they greet block the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they greet defend the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they greet defend the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they greet observe the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they greet observe the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they ignore avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they ignore interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they interrupt greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they know block the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they meet avoid the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they meet watch the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they observe ignore the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they observe know the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they stop watch the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they watch meet the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they watch observe the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they welcome stop the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract avoid the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract defend the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract interrupt the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract know the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they avoid attract the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they avoid block the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they avoid greet the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they avoid meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they avoid meet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they avoid meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they avoid welcome the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block attract the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block defend the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block interrupt the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block observe the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block watch the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend attract the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend avoid the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend ignore the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend stop the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend watch the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet know the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet know the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet observe the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet watch the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they ignore avoid the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they ignore greet the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they ignore interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they ignore know the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they ignore stop the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they interrupt block the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they interrupt stop the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they interrupt welcome the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they know block the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they know observe the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they meet defend the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they meet interrupt the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they meet welcome the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe attract the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe attract the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe block the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe greet the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe interrupt the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe meet the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe stop the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they stop attract the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they stop avoid the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they stop interrupt the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they stop know the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they stop meet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they watch avoid the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they watch block the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they watch block the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they watch greet the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they watch observe the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome ignore the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome know the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome know the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome meet the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they attract avoid the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they attract ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they attract stop the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they avoid ignore the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they avoid welcome the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they defend interrupt the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they defend welcome the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they greet block the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	greets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they greet meet the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	greets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they greet meet the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	greets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they greet observe the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they greet observe the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they greet stop the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	greets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they ignore defend the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they ignore stop the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they interrupt defend the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they interrupt defend the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they interrupt meet the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they interrupt meet the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they know attract the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they know avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they know block the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they know ignore the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	knows
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they know stop the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they know welcome the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	knows
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they meet greet the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	meets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they stop know the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they stop watch the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch interrupt the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch meet the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch welcome the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they welcome defend the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they welcome observe the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they welcome observe the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they attract avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they attract ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they attract know the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they attract meet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid attract the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid defend the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid meet the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid stop the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid stop the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid watch the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid watch the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block greet the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block know the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block know the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block meet the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block observe the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block welcome the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block welcome the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they defend attract the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they defend block the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they defend meet the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they greet attract the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they greet avoid the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they greet ignore the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they greet know the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore avoid the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore interrupt the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore observe the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore stop the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore stop the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore watch the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore welcome the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they interrupt ignore the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they interrupt watch the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know avoid the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know block the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know defend the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know stop the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet block the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet ignore the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet interrupt the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet interrupt the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet watch the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet welcome the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe block the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe greet the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe know the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe meet the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe watch the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop attract the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop interrupt the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop watch the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop watch the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop welcome the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they watch greet the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they watch greet the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they watch observe the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they welcome defend the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they welcome meet the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they attract block the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they attract know the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they attract observe the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they attract stop the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they avoid attract the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they avoid ignore the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they avoid meet the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they block defend the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they block watch the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they defend avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they defend observe the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they defend welcome the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they greet avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they greet interrupt the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they ignore attract the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they ignore interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they ignore watch the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they ignore watch the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they interrupt avoid the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they interrupt know the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they know greet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they know interrupt the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they know interrupt the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they know stop the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet attract the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet know the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet know the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet watch the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet watch the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they observe interrupt the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they observe interrupt the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they stop interrupt the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they stop meet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they watch know the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they welcome attract the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they welcome block the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they welcome stop the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they attract greet the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they attract know the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they avoid block the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The men that they avoid watch the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The men that they block interrupt the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The men that they defend ignore the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	defends
objrel_pronoun	The men that they defend interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The men that they greet watch the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	greets
objrel_pronoun	The men that they ignore observe the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The men that they ignore observe the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The men that they interrupt attract the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they interrupt know the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they interrupt observe the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they interrupt observe the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they know observe the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	knows
objrel_pronoun	The men that they meet watch the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The men that they observe attract the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they observe defend the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	observes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they observe know the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	observes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they observe meet the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they stop avoid the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	stops
objrel_pronoun	The men that they stop block the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	stops
objrel_pronoun	The men that they stop observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The men that they stop watch the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The men that they watch block the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The men that they watch defend the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	watches
objrel_pronoun	The men that they watch welcome the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The men that they welcome attract the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they welcome block the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they welcome ignore the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they attract defend the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they attract defend the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they attract meet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they avoid attract the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they defend watch the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they defend watch the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they defend welcome the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they greet attract the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they greet know the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they ignore attract the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they ignore avoid the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they ignore interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they ignore welcome the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they interrupt block the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they know avoid the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they know ignore the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they know stop the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they meet avoid the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they meet greet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they meet observe the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they observe greet the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they observe stop the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they observe watch the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they observe watch the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they stop greet the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they stop interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they stop know the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they watch attract the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	watches
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they watch greet the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they watch ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	watches
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they watch meet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they welcome meet the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they attract defend the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they attract welcome the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they avoid attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they avoid block the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they avoid defend the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they avoid know the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they avoid observe the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they block avoid the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they defend greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they defend ignore the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	defends
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they defend know the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	defends
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they defend stop the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	defends
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they defend welcome the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they greet observe the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they greet welcome the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they ignore attract the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they ignore avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they interrupt greet the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they interrupt ignore the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they interrupt know the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they interrupt stop the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they interrupt welcome the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they know attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they know greet the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they know ignore the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	knows
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they know meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they meet block the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	meets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they meet ignore the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	meets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they meet know the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	meets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they meet stop the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	meets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they stop ignore the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they stop observe the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they welcome interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid defend the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid defend the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid ignore the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid know the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid observe the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid observe the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid stop the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they block greet the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The students that they block meet the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The students that they block welcome the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The students that they block welcome the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend attract the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend block the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend greet the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend ignore the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend know the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	knows	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend welcome the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet attract the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet block the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet defend the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet meet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet meet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet stop the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet welcome the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they ignore avoid the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	avoids	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The students that they ignore observe the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The students that they ignore stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The students that they interrupt avoid the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they interrupt greet the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they interrupt greet the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	greets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they interrupt meet the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they interrupt stop the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they interrupt watch the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know block the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know watch the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know watch the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know watch the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet attract the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet defend the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet greet the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet greet the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet stop the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet watch the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet watch the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe defend the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe ignore the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe stop the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	stops	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop attract the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop ignore the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop meet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop meet the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop meet the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop watch the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they watch attract the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	watches
objrel_pronoun	The students that they watch interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	watches
objrel_pronoun	The students that they watch observe the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	observes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The students that they watch observe the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The students that they welcome avoid the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they welcome ignore the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	ignores	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they avoid attract the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The women that they avoid defend the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	defends	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The women that they avoid greet the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The women that they block attract the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	attracts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The women that they defend greet the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	greets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The women that they greet defend the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	greets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they ignore block the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The women that they ignore stop the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The women that they ignore watch the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The women that they ignore welcome the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The women that they interrupt attract the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	attracts	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The women that they interrupt block the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The women that they interrupt meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The women that they interrupt stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The women that they meet avoid the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	meets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they meet observe the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	observes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they meet stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	stops	meets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they meet welcome the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	welcomes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they meet welcome the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	welcomes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they observe ignore the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	observes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they observe know the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	knows	observes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they observe watch the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	observes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they stop defend the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	defends	stops
objrel_pronoun	The women that they stop meet the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The women that they watch block the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The women that they watch interrupt the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	interrupts	watches
objrel_pronoun	The women that they welcome avoid the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they welcome avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	avoids	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they welcome block the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	blocks	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they welcome ignore the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	ignores	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they welcome meet the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	meets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they welcome watch the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	watches	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they attract interrupt the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they attract know the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they attract meet the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they attract observe the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they avoid interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they avoid welcome the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they block observe the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they defend attract the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they greet attract the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they greet know the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they greet welcome the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they ignore defend the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they ignore defend the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they ignore know the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they ignore stop the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they interrupt ignore the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they interrupt meet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they interrupt meet the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they interrupt welcome the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they know stop the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they meet attract the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they meet block the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they meet greet the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they meet interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they meet know the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they observe defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they observe stop the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they stop greet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they stop know the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they stop know the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they stop welcome the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they stop welcome the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they stop welcome the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they watch avoid the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they watch block the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they watch ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they watch ignore the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they watch know the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they watch observe the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they watch welcome the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actors that they welcome avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they attract defend the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they attract observe the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they avoid observe the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they avoid observe the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they block attract the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they block stop the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they defend ignore the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they defend ignore the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they defend interrupt the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they defend know the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they defend observe the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they greet block the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they greet observe the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they greet welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they greet welcome the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they ignore know the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they ignore watch the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they interrupt attract the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they interrupt ignore the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they know attract the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they know block the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they know meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they meet ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they meet observe the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they observe attract the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they observe avoid the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they observe block the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they observe greet the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they observe stop the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they observe welcome the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	observes
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they stop ignore the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they watch know the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they watch meet the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The actresses that they welcome interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they attract watch the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they avoid welcome the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they avoid welcome the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they block avoid the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they block greet the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they block welcome the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they defend attract the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they defend interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they defend meet the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they ignore block the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they ignore interrupt the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they ignore observe the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they ignore watch the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they interrupt attract the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they interrupt observe the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they know meet the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they know welcome the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	knows
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they meet defend the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they meet greet the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they meet observe the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they meet observe the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they observe stop the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they observe welcome the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	observes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they stop ignore the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they stop ignore the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they stop meet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they watch block the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they watch block the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they welcome attract the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they welcome attract the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they welcome greet the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The boys that they welcome observe the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they attract defend the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they attract welcome the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they avoid attract the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they avoid block the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they avoid block the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they avoid greet the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they avoid know the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they avoid meet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they avoid meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they avoid observe the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they avoid welcome the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they block stop the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they defend meet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they defend meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they defend welcome the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they greet interrupt the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they ignore greet the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they ignore greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they ignore know the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they interrupt defend the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they interrupt observe the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they know block the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they know meet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they meet know the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they meet stop the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	meets
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they observe greet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they observe interrupt the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they observe welcome the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	observes
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they stop attract the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they stop block the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they stop defend the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they stop greet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they watch defend the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	watches
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they watch defend the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	watches
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they watch know the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they watch know the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they welcome attract the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they welcome greet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The daughters that they welcome watch the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract greet the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract ignore the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract know the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract know the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract observe the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract watch the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they attract welcome the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they avoid ignore the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they avoid watch the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block defend the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they block know the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend greet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend meet the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend meet the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend stop the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend watch the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they defend watch the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	defends
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet block the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet defend the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet know the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet meet the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet observe the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they greet observe the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they ignore attract the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they ignore avoid the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they ignore know the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they ignore know the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they interrupt block the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they interrupt defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they interrupt meet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they interrupt meet the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they interrupt stop the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they interrupt watch the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they know block the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they know greet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they know interrupt the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they know meet the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they know stop the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they know stop the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they know stop the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they meet ignore the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they meet interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they meet stop the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they meet welcome the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe block the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe defend the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe greet the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they observe stop the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	observes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they stop avoid the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they stop block the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	stops
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they watch defend the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they watch observe the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they watch stop the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	watches
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome block the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome block the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome greet the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome know the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome observe the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The farmers that they welcome watch the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they attract defend the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they attract greet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they attract interrupt the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they attract welcome the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they avoid block the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they avoid block the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they avoid meet the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they block greet the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they block observe the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they defend ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	defends
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they defend interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they defend know the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	defends
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they defend stop the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	defends
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they greet watch the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	greets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they ignore meet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they ignore watch the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they interrupt defend the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they interrupt greet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they meet interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they meet stop the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	meets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they meet welcome the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they observe avoid the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they observe avoid the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they observe greet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they stop ignore the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they stop ignore the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they stop meet the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they stop meet the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they stop welcome the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch block the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch block the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch block the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch know the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch know the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch meet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they watch meet the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The fathers that they welcome observe the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they attract defend the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they attract meet the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they attract observe the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they attract observe the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they attract stop the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid block the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid greet the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid stop the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid stop the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid stop the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they avoid welcome the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block attract the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block defend the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block know the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block observe the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they block welcome the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they defend greet the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they defend interrupt the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they defend meet the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they defend observe the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they greet meet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they greet watch the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	greets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore interrupt the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore know the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore stop the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they ignore welcome the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they interrupt avoid the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they interrupt defend the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they interrupt defend the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they interrupt know the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they interrupt know the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know attract the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know block the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know interrupt the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know meet the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they know meet the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet attract the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet defend the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet ignore the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet stop the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they meet watch the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe attract the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe block the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe defend the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe ignore the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they observe ignore the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	observes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop avoid the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop ignore the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop observe the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop observe the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop watch the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they stop watch the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they watch observe the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they welcome defend the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they welcome ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they welcome meet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The friends that they welcome observe the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they avoid ignore the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they avoid interrupt the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they block interrupt the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they block know the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they block stop the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they block stop the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they defend avoid the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they defend observe the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	defends
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they greet observe the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they greet stop the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they greet welcome the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they ignore greet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they ignore welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they ignore welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they interrupt attract the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they interrupt stop the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet attract the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet observe the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet watch the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they meet welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they observe welcome the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	observes
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they watch attract the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they watch block the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they watch ignore the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they watch observe the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	watches
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they welcome ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they welcome ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The girls that they welcome stop the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they attract defend the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they attract greet the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they attract ignore the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they attract interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they attract interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they attract welcome the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they block avoid the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The men that they block avoid the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The men that they block defend the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The men that they defend avoid the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	defends
objrel_pronoun	The men that they greet interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The men that they ignore greet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The men that they ignore welcome the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The men that they ignore welcome the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The men that they interrupt avoid the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they interrupt defend the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they interrupt welcome the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The men that they know attract the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The men that they know defend the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	knows
objrel_pronoun	The men that they know ignore the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	knows
objrel_pronoun	The men that they know watch the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	knows
objrel_pronoun	The men that they know watch the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	knows
objrel_pronoun	The men that they meet observe the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The men that they observe defend the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	observes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they observe greet the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The men that they stop observe the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The men that they watch attract the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	watches
objrel_pronoun	The men that they watch avoid the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	watches
objrel_pronoun	The men that they welcome ignore the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they attract watch the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they avoid attract the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they avoid interrupt the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they avoid watch the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they block avoid the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they block stop the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they block stop the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they defend avoid the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they defend interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they defend watch the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	defends
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they greet avoid the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they greet block the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they greet block the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they greet ignore the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they greet ignore the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they greet know the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they greet meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	greets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they ignore avoid the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they ignore stop the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they ignore stop the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they interrupt ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they know attract the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they know interrupt the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they know stop the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they meet avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they meet interrupt the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they meet observe the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they observe attract the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they observe attract the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they observe greet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they observe ignore the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	observes
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they stop avoid the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they stop greet the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they stop know the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they stop welcome the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they stop welcome the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they watch attract the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	watches
objrel_pronoun	The mothers that they welcome know the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they avoid attract the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they block attract the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they block avoid the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they defend block the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	defends
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they defend know the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	defends
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they greet block the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	greets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they greet know the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	greets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they greet observe the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they greet welcome the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they ignore block the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they ignore interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they ignore know the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they ignore know the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they ignore meet the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they interrupt avoid the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they interrupt greet the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they interrupt meet the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they know stop the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	knows
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they meet interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they observe interrupt the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	observes
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they observe stop the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	observes
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they observe welcome the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	observes
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they stop avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	stops
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they stop ignore the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they stop observe the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they stop watch the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	stops
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they stop welcome the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they watch defend the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	watches
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they welcome greet the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they welcome interrupt the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The sons that they welcome watch the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they attract greet the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they attract interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	attracts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid greet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid interrupt the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid observe the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid watch the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they avoid welcome the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The students that they block welcome the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The students that they block welcome the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend attract the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend interrupt the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend stop the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they defend watch the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	defends
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet attract the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet avoid the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they greet meet the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	greets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they ignore interrupt the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The students that they ignore meet the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The students that they ignore observe the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	observes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The students that they ignore watch the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The students that they interrupt avoid the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they interrupt defend the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they interrupt watch the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know avoid the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know defend the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know greet the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know interrupt the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they know welcome the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	welcomes	knows
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet attract the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet know the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet stop the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they meet welcome the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe avoid the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe defend the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe defend the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	defends	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	defends	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	ignores	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they observe stop the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	observes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop attract the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop attract the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	attracts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop avoid the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	avoids	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop avoid the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop block the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop block the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop ignore the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they stop interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	stops
objrel_pronoun	The students that they watch block the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	watches
objrel_pronoun	The students that they watch greet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The students that they watch greet the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The students that they watch know the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The students that they watch meet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	watches
objrel_pronoun	The students that they welcome attract the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they welcome attract the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they welcome attract the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they welcome attract the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The students that they welcome stop the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	stops	welcomes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they avoid greet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	greets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The women that they avoid interrupt the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The women that they avoid meet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	meets	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The women that they avoid stop the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	avoids
objrel_pronoun	The women that they block watch the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	watches	blocks
objrel_pronoun	The women that they defend ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	defends
objrel_pronoun	The women that they defend interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	defends
objrel_pronoun	The women that they defend know the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	defends
objrel_pronoun	The women that they greet avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	greets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they greet welcome the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	greets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they ignore avoid the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	avoids	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The women that they ignore interrupt the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The women that they ignore interrupt the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	interrupts	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The women that they ignore observe the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The women that they ignore stop the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	ignores
objrel_pronoun	The women that they interrupt ignore the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	ignores	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The women that they interrupt meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	meets	interrupts
objrel_pronoun	The women that they know block the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	blocks	knows
objrel_pronoun	The women that they meet attract the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	attracts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they meet interrupt the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	interrupts	meets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they meet observe the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	meets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they meet watch the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	watches	meets
objrel_pronoun	The women that they observe block the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	observes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they observe block the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	blocks	observes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they observe welcome the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	welcomes	observes
objrel_pronoun	The women that they stop greet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	greets	stops
objrel_pronoun	The women that they stop know the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The women that they stop know the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	knows	stops
objrel_pronoun	The women that they stop observe the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	observes	stops
objrel_pronoun	The women that they watch know the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	knows	watches
objrel_pronoun	The women that they welcome stop the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	stops	welcomes
