embedding_mental	The actor declares that the farmer behind the brother stops the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the farmer near the boy stops the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the farmer near the daughter greets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the friend before the brother watches the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the man before the friend welcomes the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the student behind the girl watches the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the boy behind the man watches the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the boy behind the student avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the boy beside the brother defends the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the daughter before the farmer attracts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the man before the student interrupts the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the son beside the friend watches the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the son near the boy interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the student behind the farmer attracts the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The actor says that the boy near the student avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The actor says that the boy near the student knows the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The actor says that the mother before the man stops the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the brother behind the student ignores the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the friend before the mother avoids the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the girl behind the daughter observes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the woman behind the student observes the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the daughter behind the girl greets the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the daughter beside the friend watches the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the farmer before the friend defends the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the father before the friend blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the father before the son ignores the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the friend before the daughter blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the friend beside the boy meets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the mother near the sister attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the sister before the father blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The actress says that the boy before the daughter attracts the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The actress says that the boy beside the brother avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The actress says that the boy beside the sister stops the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The actress says that the brother beside the friend blocks the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The actress says that the farmer before the student blocks the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The actress says that the father behind the woman observes the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The actress says that the girl beside the son stops the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The actress says that the girl near the student ignores the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The actress says that the man before the student knows the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The actress says that the student beside the girl welcomes the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The actress says that the woman behind the friend welcomes the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the brother beside the farmer ignores the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the brother beside the man knows the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the farmer beside the woman greets the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the father behind the farmer greets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the father near the actress interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the man behind the son knows the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the student before the actress defends the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the student before the man greets the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the woman behind the friend watches the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the farmer beside the actor observes the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the friend near the farmer stops the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the man beside the daughter defends the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the sister before the son observes the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the sister behind the friend meets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the sister beside the son interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the student near the actor interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the woman beside the friend defends the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The boy says that the actor near the student attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The boy says that the actress beside the sister stops the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The boy says that the father near the sister observes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The boy says that the friend near the mother observes the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The boy says that the mother near the student greets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The boy says that the son beside the student stops the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The boy says that the son near the friend greets the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The boy says that the student before the brother observes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the actress behind the farmer blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the daughter behind the man greets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the daughter behind the woman greets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the friend near the actress watches the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the friend near the farmer welcomes the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the girl beside the father interrupts the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the son near the man watches the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the woman before the farmer welcomes the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the actor near the friend avoids the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the farmer near the father defends the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the friend behind the man watches the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the mother behind the actress meets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the mother beside the student observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the mother beside the woman blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the son before the father avoids the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the son near the father blocks the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the student behind the man knows the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the student beside the farmer interrupts the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the student beside the mother avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The brother says that the actor near the farmer attracts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The brother says that the actress behind the student knows the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The brother says that the daughter behind the friend observes the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The brother says that the daughter near the student defends the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmer behind the actress meets the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmer behind the daughter knows the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmer behind the father attracts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmer near the student defends the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The brother says that the father before the son defends the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The brother says that the friend before the student stops the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The brother says that the friend near the girl blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the actor behind the friend blocks the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the actor behind the student knows the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the boy behind the brother stops the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the brother near the actor welcomes the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the farmer beside the man meets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the farmer near the father defends the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the farmer near the man ignores the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the friend behind the sister meets the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the friend beside the mother interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the man before the actor knows the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the student behind the girl greets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the actress near the friend ignores the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the brother beside the boy ignores the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the farmer behind the student stops the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the farmer near the father ignores the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the man before the student avoids the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the mother before the actress ignores the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the sister before the farmer defends the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the sister before the student meets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the sister near the man watches the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the student behind the actress greets the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the actor before the farmer knows the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the actor behind the student avoids the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the boy behind the farmer interrupts the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the brother before the girl defends the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the brother behind the mother ignores the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the farmer before the mother blocks the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the farmer near the father greets the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the friend behind the actress knows the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the friend beside the mother stops the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the man behind the sister greets the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the sister before the woman greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the student before the friend stops the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the student near the actor observes the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the student near the farmer interrupts the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the woman behind the farmer welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the actor near the son welcomes the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the actress near the student welcomes the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the boy near the mother defends the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the boy near the student observes the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the daughter beside the actor welcomes the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the friend behind the girl knows the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the friend near the actor interrupts the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the girl before the friend watches the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the girl behind the brother stops the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the girl near the daughter defends the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the man near the boy welcomes the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the man near the student ignores the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the sister before the woman meets the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the sister behind the student stops the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the woman behind the actress defends the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actor behind the boy watches the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actor behind the friend interrupts the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actor near the father knows the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the boy before the father knows the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the brother behind the mother stops the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the daughter near the actress blocks the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the daughter near the woman stops the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the father beside the daughter meets the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the friend behind the daughter knows the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the friend beside the boy watches the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the friend beside the father meets the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the man before the mother watches the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sister behind the boy watches the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sister near the father knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the son behind the friend ignores the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the son behind the student avoids the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the student behind the girl watches the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the student near the sister greets the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actor before the friend stops the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actor near the student defends the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the boy near the friend stops the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brother before the friend defends the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brother behind the friend meets the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brother beside the actress stops the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the father near the actress observes the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friend behind the girl observes the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friend beside the son avoids the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the girl before the woman stops the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the man before the actor welcomes the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the sister near the actress greets the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the son beside the friend meets the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the student behind the actress meets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the student behind the brother avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the student beside the friend avoids the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the student near the man stops the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the woman before the student greets the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the woman near the actress meets the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The father declares that the actor before the sister defends the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The father declares that the actor beside the sister meets the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The father declares that the actress behind the farmer watches the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The father declares that the boy before the actress greets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The father declares that the boy near the man interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The father declares that the brother before the actor welcomes the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The father declares that the daughter near the student observes the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The father declares that the farmer near the man greets the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The father declares that the friend near the brother blocks the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The father declares that the man before the actress welcomes the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The father declares that the son beside the sister ignores the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The father declares that the student behind the girl knows the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental	The father declares that the student beside the woman meets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the actor near the woman attracts the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the actress beside the girl greets the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the boy beside the daughter defends the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the farmer before the student meets the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the farmer beside the son knows the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the friend behind the farmer stops the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the man near the boy ignores the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the sister beside the farmer attracts the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the son beside the sister avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the student behind the actor knows the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the student near the actor greets the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The father says that the actor near the daughter greets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The father says that the actress behind the student knows the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The father says that the actress beside the friend defends the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The father says that the daughter before the actress observes the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The father says that the daughter beside the student greets the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The father says that the farmer behind the woman stops the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The father says that the friend behind the son welcomes the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The father says that the friend beside the actress avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The father says that the friend beside the student interrupts the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The father says that the friend near the woman welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The father says that the girl near the son attracts the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The father says that the man near the girl ignores the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The father says that the sister before the boy observes the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The father says that the son behind the girl interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The father says that the student before the boy greets the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The father says that the woman near the daughter stops the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the actor before the farmer blocks the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the actor near the girl greets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the actress behind the man watches the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the actress behind the woman knows the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the actress beside the brother ignores the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the boy beside the student stops the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the daughter before the student blocks the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the daughter near the farmer ignores the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmer before the mother ignores the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmer before the mother welcomes the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmer beside the daughter interrupts the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmer beside the mother blocks the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the man beside the daughter ignores the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sister before the farmer meets the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sister before the son interrupts the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sister beside the daughter meets the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sister beside the son stops the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the son before the father stops the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the son beside the father blocks the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the student before the farmer meets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the student behind the daughter stops the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the student beside the actress greets the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the woman before the farmer watches the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the brother behind the actress blocks the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the daughter beside the man meets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the daughter near the sister blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmer near the student interrupts the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the father near the daughter ignores the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the girl beside the actor attracts the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the girl near the brother defends the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the man before the actor interrupts the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the man behind the farmer defends the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the man near the farmer knows the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the son before the woman stops the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the son beside the man attracts the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the son beside the man attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the student before the father attracts the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the woman before the boy defends the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actress behind the sister meets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The friend says that the boy before the sister blocks the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The friend says that the boy behind the actor avoids the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The friend says that the brother behind the daughter knows the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The friend says that the daughter near the actor observes the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmer before the brother blocks the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmer behind the mother defends the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmer beside the woman attracts the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmer near the woman attracts the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The friend says that the father behind the man blocks the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The friend says that the father behind the sister ignores the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend says that the girl near the mother stops the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The friend says that the girl near the student knows the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The friend says that the mother behind the actress interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend says that the mother beside the student greets the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The friend says that the sister behind the father greets the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The friend says that the son beside the sister interrupts the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend says that the student before the man ignores the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend says that the student beside the father meets the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The friend says that the woman near the actress avoids the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the actress behind the friend blocks the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the brother before the farmer interrupts the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the farmer before the student welcomes the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the father behind the woman watches the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the father near the man ignores the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the friend before the woman stops the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the friend behind the student blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the friend beside the father observes the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the sister beside the actress welcomes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the son before the farmer observes the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the son before the sister interrupts the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the son beside the friend watches the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the student behind the father avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the woman before the father blocks the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the woman behind the mother defends the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the actor before the sister stops the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the farmer beside the student defends the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the farmer near the father meets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the farmer near the student watches the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the man near the son stops the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the mother before the actress meets the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the mother near the student avoids the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the student before the actress ignores the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the student before the sister avoids the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the student near the mother blocks the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the woman beside the son stops the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The girl says that the actor behind the son defends the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The girl says that the brother near the friend interrupts the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girl says that the farmer near the father stops the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The girl says that the farmer near the mother avoids the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The girl says that the father before the farmer welcomes the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The girl says that the friend beside the student attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The girl says that the son near the actress interrupts the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girl says that the student before the friend avoids the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The man declares that the actor beside the friend knows the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental	The man declares that the brother before the friend avoids the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The man declares that the brother near the father interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The man declares that the daughter beside the actress greets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The man declares that the farmer before the student stops the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The man declares that the farmer near the father defends the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The man declares that the father near the farmer meets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The man declares that the girl before the student stops the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The man declares that the girl near the sister greets the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the actor near the brother avoids the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the boy before the farmer greets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the boy beside the brother watches the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the boy beside the daughter attracts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the farmer behind the son interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the father near the sister greets the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the student near the friend blocks the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The man says that the actress behind the mother attracts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The man says that the boy near the actress blocks the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The man says that the farmer behind the friend stops the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The man says that the farmer beside the daughter knows the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The man says that the farmer near the student greets the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The man says that the girl near the father welcomes the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The man says that the son behind the student welcomes the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The man says that the student beside the friend observes the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the daughter beside the friend blocks the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the daughter near the student welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the boy beside the man knows the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the daughter near the friend ignores the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the farmer behind the brother ignores the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the girl behind the daughter attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the girl near the student attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the man near the daughter knows the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the sister behind the student stops the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the student behind the actress watches the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the student behind the boy blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the student behind the brother defends the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the woman beside the student greets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The mother says that the actor near the farmer observes the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental	The mother says that the brother before the friend interrupts the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The mother says that the daughter beside the girl meets the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The mother says that the friend behind the actress avoids the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The mother says that the friend near the farmer blocks the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the actress behind the father greets the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the actress beside the farmer ignores the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the daughter behind the student stops the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the daughter near the farmer meets the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the friend near the student welcomes the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the son behind the boy avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the student before the mother observes the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the student before the son observes the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the student beside the boy welcomes the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the actor behind the friend meets the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the daughter near the girl knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the farmer behind the mother knows the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the farmer behind the woman interrupts the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the farmer near the actor ignores the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the farmer near the daughter defends the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the friend behind the student interrupts the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the girl near the farmer attracts the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the man before the friend ignores the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the man behind the student stops the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the man near the farmer knows the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the mother behind the friend blocks the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the student behind the farmer meets the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the woman near the farmer watches the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The sister says that the farmer before the actress welcomes the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The sister says that the farmer beside the mother blocks the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The sister says that the farmer beside the student ignores the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The sister says that the friend behind the actress meets the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The sister says that the friend behind the daughter attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The sister says that the friend beside the farmer meets the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The sister says that the mother behind the girl interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sister says that the student beside the actress defends the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The son declares that the boy beside the student stops the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The son declares that the father beside the farmer ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The son declares that the friend near the actor stops the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The son declares that the friend near the brother defends the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The son declares that the girl behind the father avoids the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The son declares that the mother beside the actress meets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The son declares that the mother beside the man greets the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The son declares that the sister behind the actor meets the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The son declares that the student before the friend stops the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The son declares that the student behind the woman interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The son declares that the student beside the friend ignores the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the father beside the friend knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the friend behind the farmer avoids the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the friend beside the actor blocks the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the friend beside the farmer watches the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the girl beside the farmer knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the girl near the actor meets the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the mother near the man interrupts the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the student behind the father attracts the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the woman before the friend interrupts the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the woman beside the brother greets the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The son says that the actress beside the friend interrupts the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The son says that the farmer behind the student interrupts the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The son says that the farmer behind the woman knows the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The son says that the farmer beside the actress greets the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The son says that the father before the brother avoids the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The son says that the friend behind the father knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The son says that the girl near the actress attracts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The son says that the student behind the farmer blocks the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The son says that the student behind the farmer meets the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The son says that the student beside the man welcomes the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The student declares that the brother before the actress observes the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The student declares that the daughter beside the farmer blocks the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental	The student declares that the farmer before the mother interrupts the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student declares that the farmer beside the woman watches the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The student declares that the father beside the man defends the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friend before the brother defends the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friend before the man meets the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friend behind the farmer watches the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friend near the boy knows the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental	The student declares that the girl beside the brother interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student declares that the man behind the father avoids the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The student declares that the man beside the father ignores the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The student declares that the mother beside the actor watches the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The student declares that the mother near the farmer observes the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The student declares that the sister behind the farmer greets the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The student declares that the sister near the mother meets the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The student declares that the son before the farmer meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The student declares that the son behind the actress welcomes the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The student declares that the son beside the farmer watches the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the actress before the brother stops the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the boy behind the friend blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the boy behind the sister ignores the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the boy beside the son stops the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the brother beside the farmer ignores the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the farmer beside the daughter avoids the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the father before the sister interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friend before the daughter blocks the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friend before the farmer attracts the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friend before the son ignores the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friend before the son observes the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friend behind the actress watches the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friend near the son defends the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the girl near the son interrupts the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the girl near the woman avoids the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the man near the brother blocks the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the mother near the boy greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the mother near the daughter interrupts the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the sister near the woman observes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the woman behind the son watches the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the woman beside the brother ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the woman near the father greets the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The student says that the actor behind the woman interrupts the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student says that the boy before the farmer avoids the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The student says that the brother beside the actor interrupts the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student says that the daughter behind the man defends the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The student says that the farmer behind the girl stops the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The student says that the father behind the woman attracts the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The student says that the friend before the man welcomes the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The student says that the girl before the mother attracts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The student says that the girl behind the brother blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental	The student says that the girl behind the farmer defends the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The student says that the mother before the son ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The student says that the sister before the friend interrupts the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student says that the sister before the friend welcomes the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The student says that the sister near the son avoids the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The student says that the woman beside the boy interrupts the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student says that the woman beside the farmer greets the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The student says that the woman near the friend attracts the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the actor before the brother greets the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the boy near the father interrupts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the farmer near the student avoids the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the friend beside the father defends the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the friend near the farmer defends the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the girl beside the friend interrupts the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the son beside the friend ignores the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the student before the mother welcomes the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the actor before the mother knows the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the actress near the boy attracts the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the boy before the brother defends the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the boy behind the brother avoids the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the boy behind the mother watches the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the daughter before the student defends the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the daughter before the student ignores the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the farmer before the son defends the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the farmer before the student interrupts the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the friend before the son knows the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the friend behind the son watches the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the girl behind the actress knows the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the mother beside the farmer interrupts the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the son near the actor meets the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the student behind the brother defends the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The woman says that the actor behind the mother knows the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The woman says that the actor beside the friend attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental	The woman says that the actress beside the student greets the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental	The woman says that the brother near the friend welcomes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The woman says that the farmer before the brother meets the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental	The woman says that the mother beside the actress defends the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The woman says that the son behind the actor avoids the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The woman says that the student before the actor interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The woman says that the student behind the friend knows the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental	The woman says that the student beside the friend defends the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental	The woman says that the student beside the mother stops the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the boy behind the farmers watches the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the brother beside the sons watches the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the farmer near the mothers interrupts the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the friend before the boys stops the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the son behind the sisters defends the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the mother near the brothers attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the sister before the women blocks the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the sister near the fathers knows the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the son behind the farmers meets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the student before the girls meets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the student behind the men avoids the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The actor says that the brother beside the students ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The actor says that the farmer before the daughters defends the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The actor says that the farmer near the men defends the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The actor says that the father behind the girls defends the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The actor says that the father near the women interrupts the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actor says that the friend near the farmers meets the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The actor says that the man behind the friends defends the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The actor says that the mother beside the brothers welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The actor says that the sister behind the sons ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The actor says that the woman before the fathers attracts the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The actor says that the woman beside the mothers interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the brother before the students watches the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the brother behind the boys defends the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the farmer before the boys watches the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the farmer behind the friends blocks the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the farmer beside the sons knows the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the father before the sons ignores the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the friend beside the daughters blocks the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the friend beside the men blocks the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the girl behind the fathers knows the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the man beside the students stops the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the sister behind the farmers knows the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the student before the friends stops the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the farmer behind the daughters defends the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the father behind the sons avoids the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the friend before the men greets the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the son behind the brothers greets the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the woman before the students avoids the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the woman before the students interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the woman behind the brothers stops the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The actress says that the farmer before the sons blocks the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The actress says that the farmer behind the mothers observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The actress says that the farmer near the men meets the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The actress says that the friend before the students observes the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The actress says that the friend behind the boys observes the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The actress says that the friend behind the sisters ignores the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The actress says that the friend beside the brothers greets the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The actress says that the girl beside the friends interrupts the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actress says that the man behind the friends greets the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The actress says that the woman before the farmers greets the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The actress says that the woman before the fathers avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the daughter beside the men blocks the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the daughter beside the students stops the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the father beside the sisters watches the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the father near the sons avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the friend behind the brothers watches the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the mother behind the students welcomes the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the student before the actresses ignores the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the student before the friends knows the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the student near the actresses blocks the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the actor before the friends knows the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the daughter beside the friends defends the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the farmer before the sons knows the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the friend beside the sisters meets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the son before the students knows the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the student beside the actors avoids the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The boy says that the brother behind the men observes the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The boy says that the farmer beside the brothers stops the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The boy says that the father before the students greets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The boy says that the mother behind the friends blocks the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The boy says that the student beside the men knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental	The boy says that the woman beside the students knows the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the farmer behind the daughters stops the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the farmer behind the fathers interrupts the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the farmer behind the friends avoids the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the friend before the men blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the girl behind the farmers knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the actress before the men interrupts the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the actress near the men interrupts the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the daughter before the fathers blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the daughter behind the farmers observes the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the daughter behind the fathers observes the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the daughter beside the actors greets the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the farmer before the men knows the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the girl before the friends avoids the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the man behind the actors knows the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmer behind the women meets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The brother says that the friend behind the women greets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The brother says that the friend beside the farmers stops the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The brother says that the friend near the mothers attracts the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The brother says that the girl beside the daughters observes the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The brother says that the mother before the students interrupts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The brother says that the mother behind the men avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the actress beside the students avoids the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the brother beside the mothers interrupts the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the brother near the friends blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the farmer near the women stops the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the farmer near the women watches the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the friend behind the students interrupts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the friend near the actors blocks the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the girl before the students avoids the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the man beside the farmers blocks the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the mother before the boys welcomes the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the woman before the students meets the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the woman beside the boys ignores the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the actor before the sisters interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the actor near the farmers meets the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the farmer behind the women stops the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the farmer near the girls meets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the father before the students interrupts the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the father beside the girls attracts the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the friend before the farmers defends the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the friend before the mothers watches the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the sister behind the actresses interrupts the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the sister near the farmers attracts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the father beside the girls ignores the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the friend near the actors meets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the man before the students blocks the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the student behind the friends knows the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the student behind the girls observes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the student near the mothers meets the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the actress before the sisters avoids the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the actress beside the sons blocks the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the brother behind the friends meets the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the brother beside the daughters stops the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the father before the actresses defends the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the father behind the brothers welcomes the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the friend behind the brothers interrupts the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the friend behind the mothers interrupts the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the friend near the men avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the girl before the actors greets the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the girl behind the mothers stops the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the mother behind the boys ignores the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the mother near the girls defends the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the sister beside the students observes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the sister near the friends avoids the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the son before the fathers ignores the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the student before the women blocks the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the student behind the friends welcomes the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the student near the fathers welcomes the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the woman before the boys blocks the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the woman beside the boys blocks the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actor before the fathers watches the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actor before the students avoids the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actor behind the fathers greets the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actress before the friends interrupts the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the boy before the women meets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the boy beside the students attracts the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the daughter before the mothers knows the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the daughter beside the brothers observes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the father near the daughters greets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the friend behind the actresses stops the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the girl beside the daughters ignores the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the man behind the friends greets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the man near the friends interrupts the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the mother behind the men meets the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sister before the students ignores the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the son before the girls interrupts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the son before the men watches the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the son behind the actors knows the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the son behind the boys knows the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the son beside the brothers watches the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the student beside the brothers blocks the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the student near the men interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the woman near the actresses blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actor before the sons blocks the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actress before the mothers defends the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actress behind the daughters avoids the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actress behind the friends welcomes the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the boy behind the fathers attracts the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the boy behind the sons blocks the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the boy near the actresses ignores the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brother before the boys meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brother beside the actors ignores the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brother beside the friends avoids the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the daughter near the mothers welcomes the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the father behind the daughters welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friend before the boys blocks the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friend before the brothers observes the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friend before the men defends the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friend before the sons stops the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friend behind the men knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the girl before the students stops the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the girl behind the mothers ignores the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the girl beside the actresses knows the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the man beside the fathers defends the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the son beside the girls avoids the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the son beside the men welcomes the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the student before the boys interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the student behind the women meets the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the student near the actors stops the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the woman behind the friends greets the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The father declares that the actor before the sons welcomes the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The father declares that the actress beside the sisters blocks the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The father declares that the boy behind the friends welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The father declares that the daughter near the sisters meets the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The father declares that the friend beside the farmers watches the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The father declares that the girl before the actresses avoids the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The father declares that the sister before the men stops the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the brother beside the actresses defends the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the daughter behind the farmers knows the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the daughter beside the girls meets the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the farmer near the students defends the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the sister beside the boys blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the sister near the students interrupts the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the student beside the women blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the woman beside the farmers watches the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The father says that the boy near the students blocks the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The father says that the brother behind the girls attracts the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The father says that the farmer before the women stops the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The father says that the farmer behind the students meets the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The father says that the friend behind the students welcomes the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The father says that the friend near the women attracts the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The father says that the girl before the friends attracts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The father says that the man beside the sisters blocks the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The father says that the man near the daughters blocks the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The father says that the man near the sons ignores the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The father says that the student beside the sons observes the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the actor near the fathers stops the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the actress near the women welcomes the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the daughter behind the sisters knows the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the daughter near the men stops the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmer near the girls avoids the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the girl beside the men greets the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the son before the mothers stops the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the son beside the farmers greets the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the son beside the students blocks the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the son near the mothers greets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the student behind the brothers interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the student beside the sons welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the woman behind the fathers blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the woman near the actors knows the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the woman near the daughters stops the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actress before the farmers attracts the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actress before the girls attracts the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actress before the sisters defends the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actress behind the daughters greets the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actress behind the sisters observes the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actress near the mothers blocks the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the boy beside the mothers attracts the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the brother before the farmers avoids the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the brother beside the mothers ignores the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the brother near the actors meets the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the brother near the students avoids the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmer before the mothers attracts the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmer near the actors defends the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the girl beside the men observes the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the man beside the actors observes the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the man beside the sons defends the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the man near the farmers attracts the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the mother near the actresses observes the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the sister near the boys greets the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the son beside the men stops the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the student before the girls observes the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the student behind the actresses stops the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the student beside the women interrupts the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the student near the mothers attracts the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the woman before the farmers stops the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the woman behind the boys defends the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the woman behind the brothers interrupts the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actress beside the women ignores the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend says that the boy beside the sons welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The friend says that the boy near the farmers greets the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The friend says that the boy near the students stops the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The friend says that the brother beside the boys avoids the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmer behind the girls ignores the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmer behind the mothers blocks the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmer behind the women attracts the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmer beside the fathers ignores the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmer beside the men knows the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental	The friend says that the father near the students attracts the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The friend says that the girl before the mothers stops the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The friend says that the mother before the sisters greets the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The friend says that the mother near the men meets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The friend says that the sister beside the men avoids the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The friend says that the sister near the daughters greets the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The friend says that the son before the sisters meets the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The friend says that the son beside the sisters defends the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The friend says that the son beside the students observes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The friend says that the student behind the mothers welcomes the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The friend says that the student beside the brothers attracts the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The friend says that the student beside the farmers interrupts the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friend says that the student beside the men stops the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The friend says that the woman beside the fathers attracts the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The friend says that the woman beside the sons avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the actor before the students watches the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the actor near the sons meets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the actress behind the students defends the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the father behind the brothers avoids the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the friend before the men defends the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the friend beside the mothers watches the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the mother near the farmers meets the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the son near the friends observes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the student near the brothers observes the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the student near the fathers stops the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the woman beside the friends blocks the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the brother beside the actors meets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the daughter behind the men greets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the father before the students stops the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the friend before the brothers knows the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the friend beside the actors ignores the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the man beside the brothers knows the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the mother beside the friends defends the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the mother near the farmers watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the sister before the farmers stops the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The girl says that the farmer beside the actresses meets the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The girl says that the father before the students defends the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The girl says that the friend behind the farmers observes the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The girl says that the friend near the fathers blocks the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The girl says that the sister before the men interrupts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girl says that the student near the brothers welcomes the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The man declares that the boy near the brothers meets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The man declares that the brother near the friends defends the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The man declares that the farmer behind the students interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The man declares that the father near the girls meets the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The man declares that the friend behind the students watches the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The man declares that the girl before the actors ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The man declares that the girl before the farmers watches the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The man declares that the mother behind the actresses stops the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The man declares that the mother near the friends watches the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The man declares that the son beside the farmers ignores the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The man declares that the student behind the friends defends the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the actor before the sons watches the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the actor beside the sisters defends the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the actress behind the girls meets the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the actress beside the daughters avoids the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the farmer behind the brothers knows the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the farmer near the actresses avoids the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the father near the farmers interrupts the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the father near the sons greets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the girl before the brothers ignores the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the girl before the friends watches the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the sister before the friends avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the sister behind the students ignores the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the son near the actresses greets the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The man says that the boy near the actors observes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The man says that the brother behind the girls meets the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The man says that the brother beside the daughters avoids the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The man says that the friend near the farmers observes the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The man says that the mother before the actors knows the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the brother before the actresses knows the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the brother before the girls meets the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the daughter near the friends greets the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the farmer behind the actresses greets the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the friend near the actors avoids the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the girl before the actresses blocks the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the son before the farmers watches the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the son before the women blocks the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the student behind the actors blocks the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the actor behind the farmers defends the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the actor behind the friends knows the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the actress behind the boys meets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the actress behind the farmers stops the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the brother near the actors avoids the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the farmer behind the girls defends the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the farmer beside the sons attracts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the friend near the sons meets the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the sister before the daughters defends the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the son before the farmers observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the student behind the friends watches the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The mother says that the actor beside the students observes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The mother says that the daughter before the women avoids the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The mother says that the farmer behind the friends defends the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental	The mother says that the farmer near the sons greets the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The mother says that the friend before the boys observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The mother says that the friend behind the sisters stops the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The mother says that the friend near the boys blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The mother says that the man beside the daughters ignores the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The mother says that the sister beside the students observes the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The mother says that the student before the friends blocks the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The mother says that the woman beside the farmers ignores the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the actor before the friends avoids the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the actress before the boys greets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the boy behind the actresses observes the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the boy behind the sons ignores the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the boy beside the daughters avoids the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the boy near the students stops the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the friend beside the fathers defends the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the friend near the farmers greets the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the girl behind the students welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the man before the students avoids the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the mother beside the students defends the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the mother near the friends avoids the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the son near the mothers welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the woman behind the sons defends the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the daughter behind the boys watches the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the daughter behind the students meets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the father before the actors greets the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the friend behind the girls defends the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the friend beside the farmers defends the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the friend near the fathers blocks the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the student before the girls stops the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the student near the farmers attracts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the woman behind the girls knows the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The sister says that the actress before the students ignores the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The sister says that the daughter near the students avoids the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The sister says that the farmer before the friends stops the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The sister says that the farmer beside the daughters attracts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The sister says that the friend beside the women meets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The sister says that the girl behind the farmers welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The sister says that the mother beside the students stops the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The sister says that the son beside the girls stops the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The sister says that the student near the boys observes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The son declares that the actor behind the friends meets the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The son declares that the boy behind the fathers watches the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The son declares that the brother beside the students blocks the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The son declares that the father before the girls greets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The son declares that the friend beside the sisters ignores the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The son declares that the friend near the students stops the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The son declares that the mother before the actresses observes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The son declares that the sister beside the women stops the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The son declares that the student near the women knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The son declares that the woman beside the farmers ignores the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the actress before the girls watches the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the brother behind the students stops the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the farmer before the brothers blocks the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the farmer behind the friends watches the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the father behind the friends attracts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the father behind the students stops the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the friend near the men blocks the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the girl near the actresses interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the man before the brothers watches the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the mother before the men stops the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental	The son says that the actor near the farmers observes the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The son says that the brother before the actors attracts the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The son says that the brother beside the actors observes the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The son says that the farmer before the actors meets the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The son says that the farmer beside the students greets the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The son says that the friend behind the farmers ignores the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental	The son says that the friend near the sisters observes the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The son says that the sister before the farmers meets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The son says that the sister beside the men meets the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The son says that the student before the men stops the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The student declares that the actress near the fathers greets the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental	The student declares that the actress near the girls meets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The student declares that the boy before the actors welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The student declares that the boy before the friends interrupts the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student declares that the boy near the friends welcomes the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The student declares that the brother beside the sons meets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The student declares that the farmer behind the sons blocks the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The student declares that the farmer beside the boys watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The student declares that the farmer near the girls interrupts the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friend before the women blocks the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friend before the women knows the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental	The student declares that the man before the actors avoids the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental	The student declares that the man behind the fathers observes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The student declares that the mother beside the actors ignores the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental	The student declares that the sister behind the daughters welcomes the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental	The student declares that the son before the friends blocks the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The student declares that the son near the girls meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The student declares that the woman before the friends stops the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental	The student declares that the woman behind the friends meets the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental	The student declares that the woman beside the girls watches the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the actor near the sisters avoids the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the actress before the friends observes the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the actress before the sisters attracts the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the actress beside the sons avoids the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the brother near the mothers knows the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the brother near the women attracts the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the daughter behind the actresses interrupts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the daughter behind the friends avoids the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the daughter near the brothers watches the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the farmer before the friends meets the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the farmer near the girls avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the father before the sisters defends the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friend behind the girls knows the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friend beside the daughters blocks the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the girl before the actresses watches the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the man before the fathers ignores the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the mother before the men avoids the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the mother behind the women attracts the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the mother near the farmers attracts the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the sister before the daughters ignores the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the sister near the women greets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental	The student says that the actor before the men meets the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The student says that the daughter beside the fathers knows the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental	The student says that the daughter near the brothers observes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The student says that the daughter near the friends meets the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The student says that the farmer before the brothers greets the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The student says that the farmer behind the actresses avoids the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The student says that the farmer behind the mothers avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The student says that the farmer near the friends observes the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The student says that the father beside the men meets the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The student says that the father beside the sisters interrupts the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental	The student says that the father near the friends observes the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental	The student says that the friend before the daughters greets the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The student says that the friend beside the fathers meets the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental	The student says that the girl behind the sisters blocks the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The student says that the girl beside the daughters avoids the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The student says that the man behind the actresses welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The student says that the sister beside the mothers attracts the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The student says that the son near the farmers stops the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The student says that the woman beside the daughters avoids the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the daughter beside the brothers observes the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the farmer near the brothers blocks the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the father behind the sisters observes the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the brother beside the friends blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the farmer near the actors ignores the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the father before the actresses meets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the girl before the sisters meets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the sister behind the sons knows the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the sister near the daughters observes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the sister near the daughters watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the student behind the fathers meets the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the student behind the girls meets the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental	The woman says that the actress near the friends stops the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental	The woman says that the brother near the fathers attracts the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental	The woman says that the farmer behind the boys blocks the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental	The woman says that the friend behind the girls knows the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental	The woman says that the student before the friends welcomes the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental	The woman says that the student beside the actresses greets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the boys beside the sister interrupt the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the boys near the farmer meet the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the farmers before the sister observe the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the friends behind the boy ignore the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the friends beside the woman greet the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the girls before the daughter welcome the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the girls before the student avoid the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the girls near the daughter know the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the men before the friend ignore the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the men beside the daughter watch the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the mothers before the woman welcome the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the sisters behind the friend observe the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the boys near the brother meet the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the daughters behind the brother meet the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the daughters behind the mother avoid the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the daughters behind the student stop the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the farmers behind the friend know the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the fathers behind the man ignore the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the girls behind the friend defend the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the women behind the farmer greet the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The actor says that the daughters near the friend meet the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The actor says that the farmers behind the friend avoid the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The actor says that the farmers near the friend defend the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The actor says that the friends before the student observe the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The actor says that the friends near the son block the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The actor says that the girls behind the student know the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The actor says that the girls near the student avoid the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The actor says that the sisters before the father attract the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The actor says that the students behind the girl avoid the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The actor says that the women near the friend ignore the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the boys near the farmer welcome the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the brothers before the man observe the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the brothers near the daughter observe the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the brothers near the girl watch the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the farmers beside the father stop the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the farmers beside the mother avoid the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the fathers near the farmer defend the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the friends before the man block the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the students before the boy interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the students beside the man observe the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the students near the man greet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the women before the father avoid the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the boys beside the friend interrupt the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the farmers behind the friend block the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the students beside the son know the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The actress says that the friends beside the father ignore the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The actress says that the sons before the farmer observe the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the actors before the friend block the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the daughters before the brother watch the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the farmers before the daughter know the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the farmers behind the man block the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the farmers beside the mother interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the friends before the actor watch the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the friends before the daughter watch the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the sons behind the actress observe the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the sons near the actor interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the students beside the brother meet the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the students beside the friend block the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the students near the woman know the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the actors before the student greet the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the actors beside the student watch the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the daughters behind the woman avoid the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the daughters near the actress avoid the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the farmers behind the friend ignore the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the farmers beside the son block the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the farmers near the actress watch the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the farmers near the son defend the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the friends behind the mother avoid the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the friends near the actress ignore the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the mothers near the son greet the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the sons before the student meet the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the sons near the student meet the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the women before the student avoid the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The boy says that the farmers behind the friend interrupt the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The boy says that the friends before the farmer interrupt the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The boy says that the friends before the son ignore the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The boy says that the women near the son greet the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the actors before the student avoid the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the actors before the woman block the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the boys behind the daughter block the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the girls beside the student welcome the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the men before the friend meet the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the students beside the friend welcome the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the boys before the friend know the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the daughters beside the student watch the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the farmers before the actor meet the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the farmers behind the daughter block the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the friends behind the girl interrupt the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the girls before the farmer know the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the girls behind the son meet the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the mothers beside the boy watch the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the mothers beside the farmer attract the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The brother says that the actors behind the mother interrupt the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The brother says that the actresses behind the student know the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The brother says that the boys behind the actress stop the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmers behind the friend welcome the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The brother says that the friends behind the boy observe the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The brother says that the friends beside the girl observe the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The brother says that the friends beside the son meet the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The brother says that the students behind the man avoid the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The brother says that the women behind the boy observe the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the farmers behind the brother greet the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the farmers behind the girl block the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the friends behind the brother interrupt the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the girls before the actor interrupt the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the men before the brother welcome the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the men near the farmer know the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the mothers before the student defend the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the students near the woman know the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the women before the father know the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the actors near the student watch the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the actresses before the man ignore the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the boys behind the friend attract the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the brothers before the farmer ignore the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the brothers near the woman greet the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the farmers behind the student know the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the farmers beside the boy avoid the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the farmers near the girl greet the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the fathers behind the man know the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the fathers near the actress block the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the friends behind the farmer block the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the friends behind the mother observe the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the men behind the father interrupt the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the mothers behind the friend observe the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the students beside the farmer attract the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the students near the father meet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the women near the farmer attract the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the actors beside the man defend the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the actors beside the sister interrupt the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the actresses beside the friend defend the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the boys before the actress avoid the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the boys behind the student block the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the brothers before the mother ignore the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the brothers behind the father defend the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the farmers before the sister avoid the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the farmers beside the boy ignore the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the farmers near the student observe the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the friends behind the girl meet the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the friends near the man avoid the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the friends near the mother ignore the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the girls behind the man know the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the mothers beside the actor observe the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the women behind the student stop the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the actresses beside the girl watch the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the brothers behind the daughter watch the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the brothers near the student watch the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the fathers behind the friend defend the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the fathers near the daughter avoid the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the fathers near the girl interrupt the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the friends behind the actress block the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the friends behind the actress observe the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the friends beside the actor defend the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the girls near the actress avoid the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the men before the sister observe the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the mothers beside the actor ignore the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the mothers beside the brother watch the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the mothers beside the friend block the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the sisters behind the girl block the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the sons beside the student know the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the students behind the actor meet the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the women before the mother interrupt the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the women behind the son avoid the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the women near the student defend the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actors before the friend watch the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actors near the sister stop the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the boys beside the son avoid the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the brothers before the man watch the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the brothers beside the student watch the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the daughters behind the sister defend the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the daughters beside the friend stop the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the friends near the son attract the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the girls before the mother defend the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the girls behind the friend watch the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the girls behind the woman meet the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sons beside the actor observe the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sons near the actress know the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sons near the actress observe the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sons near the friend attract the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sons near the sister greet the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the students before the father defend the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the students near the friend meet the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actors near the sister attract the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actresses before the friend defend the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actresses behind the mother stop the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the boys before the man ignore the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the boys before the student interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the boys behind the woman observe the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brothers behind the father greet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brothers behind the student stop the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the daughters behind the man stop the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the fathers before the girl ignore the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friends before the brother know the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friends before the son defend the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friends near the boy stop the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the girls near the actress observe the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the mothers beside the woman observe the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the mothers near the sister know the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the sons near the man stop the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the students before the boy greet the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the students behind the actor interrupt the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the students behind the man block the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the students beside the woman welcome the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the students near the brother attract the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the students near the friend avoid the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the students near the sister ignore the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the women before the boy defend the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the women beside the actor defend the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The father declares that the actors before the son stop the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The father declares that the boys beside the woman defend the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The father declares that the farmers beside the friend defend the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The father declares that the men behind the brother greet the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The father declares that the sisters behind the student meet the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The father declares that the students near the farmer block the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The father declares that the women beside the girl interrupt the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the boys behind the actor know the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the brothers behind the boy block the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the brothers beside the actress defend the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the brothers beside the daughter greet the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the brothers near the student meet the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the farmers before the friend know the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the farmers behind the actress interrupt the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the girls beside the farmer greet the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the men near the girl meet the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the students near the woman attract the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the women beside the sister block the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The father says that the actresses beside the friend block the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The father says that the boys before the farmer meet the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The father says that the boys beside the actor observe the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The father says that the brothers beside the actress welcome the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The father says that the daughters before the sister avoid the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The father says that the farmers before the man stop the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The father says that the farmers behind the woman attract the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The father says that the farmers beside the girl meet the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The father says that the girls near the woman block the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The father says that the students behind the actress defend the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the actresses beside the son ignore the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the brothers beside the boy stop the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the daughters beside the mother watch the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the daughters near the actress meet the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmers before the boy defend the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmers before the daughter stop the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmers before the woman observe the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmers behind the girl avoid the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmers near the woman know the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the fathers before the brother welcome the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the fathers beside the actor observe the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the girls behind the actress watch the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sons behind the sister avoid the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sons behind the sister welcome the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sons behind the student avoid the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sons beside the actor ignore the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sons beside the actress ignore the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the students beside the sister greet the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the women behind the brother avoid the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the women behind the girl greet the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the women behind the son observe the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actors beside the son ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the boys beside the son avoid the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the brothers before the son meet the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the brothers beside the student greet the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the daughters before the actress attract the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmers behind the father avoid the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmers beside the mother greet the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the fathers behind the farmer block the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the men before the farmer interrupt the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the men behind the farmer observe the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the men beside the farmer block the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the sisters before the daughter ignore the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the sisters beside the student greet the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the students beside the brother meet the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the students near the actor attract the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actors near the girl know the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actresses near the daughter interrupt the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend says that the boys beside the man interrupt the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend says that the brothers behind the farmer welcome the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The friend says that the fathers behind the man ignore the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend says that the fathers behind the woman attract the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The friend says that the fathers near the boy avoid the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend says that the men near the girl block the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The friend says that the sisters before the actress know the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The friend says that the sisters before the girl defend the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The friend says that the students behind the son know the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The friend says that the women before the boy greet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the brothers behind the mother interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the daughters beside the farmer interrupt the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the friends before the farmer know the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the men near the farmer interrupt the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the mothers beside the son defend the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the sisters behind the mother observe the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the sons behind the man welcome the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the actresses beside the man block the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the daughters behind the friend observe the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the daughters beside the sister observe the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the fathers beside the man avoid the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the friends behind the farmer greet the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the mothers before the actress defend the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the sisters beside the mother stop the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The girl says that the actors before the daughter welcome the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The girl says that the actresses before the brother attract the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The girl says that the actresses near the mother interrupt the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girl says that the farmers behind the man welcome the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The girl says that the fathers beside the student know the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The girl says that the men near the friend attract the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The girl says that the sisters behind the student defend the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The girl says that the students behind the man avoid the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The girl says that the students near the friend observe the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The girl says that the women near the actress avoid the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The man declares that the actresses beside the father meet the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The man declares that the boys near the father watch the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The man declares that the brothers before the student know the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The man declares that the daughters before the mother greet the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The man declares that the friends before the actress stop the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The man declares that the girls beside the sister greet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The man declares that the girls beside the student interrupt the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The man declares that the girls near the father defend the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The man declares that the mothers beside the farmer avoid the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The man declares that the sons beside the sister watch the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The man declares that the sons near the farmer know the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the actors near the friend meet the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the brothers behind the friend attract the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the daughters behind the father greet the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the daughters behind the father meet the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the farmers near the father stop the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the friends near the son know the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the sisters behind the student attract the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the sons before the sister interrupt the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the sons near the actor stop the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the students behind the brother ignore the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the students beside the brother watch the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the students near the girl stop the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The man says that the actresses beside the boy welcome the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The man says that the boys behind the friend ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The man says that the farmers near the actress attract the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The man says that the fathers behind the boy know the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The man says that the fathers near the farmer ignore the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The man says that the friends behind the girl know the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The man says that the mothers behind the daughter interrupt the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The man says that the students behind the actress block the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The man says that the students near the friend greet the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the boys before the farmer stop the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the brothers before the daughter avoid the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the brothers before the farmer observe the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the farmers before the friend avoid the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the friends before the son greet the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the students behind the farmer block the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the women behind the girl watch the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the women beside the girl interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the farmers before the student observe the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the friends beside the farmer avoid the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the men before the girl observe the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the men before the sister avoid the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the men near the farmer greet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the sisters before the student know the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the women beside the son interrupt the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The mother says that the actresses before the farmer observe the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The mother says that the actresses behind the farmer block the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The mother says that the brothers near the farmer stop the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The mother says that the brothers near the friend stop the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The mother says that the farmers beside the girl welcome the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The mother says that the friends before the woman avoid the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The mother says that the friends beside the farmer welcome the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The mother says that the sisters beside the actor observe the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The mother says that the sons before the woman defend the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The mother says that the women beside the friend block the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the actresses near the student observe the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the farmers behind the actor interrupt the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the mothers before the daughter block the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the mothers before the girl welcome the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the sons near the friend block the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the actors beside the student defend the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the actors near the woman block the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the actresses before the son watch the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the actresses before the student avoid the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the boys near the daughter block the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the boys near the father interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the daughters behind the student defend the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the farmers near the daughter know the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the farmers near the mother meet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the fathers behind the farmer observe the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the friends before the actor observe the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the girls before the friend block the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the sons near the woman watch the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the students before the father avoid the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the students before the mother meet the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The sister says that the actresses behind the student block the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The sister says that the actresses near the student defend the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The sister says that the boys before the daughter observe the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The sister says that the farmers before the boy avoid the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The sister says that the fathers behind the farmer attract the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The sister says that the friends before the student defend the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The sister says that the friends behind the woman greet the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The sister says that the friends beside the son welcome the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The sister says that the men behind the farmer defend the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The sister says that the mothers before the friend avoid the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The sister says that the students before the farmer welcome the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The sister says that the students behind the actor ignore the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The sister says that the students behind the woman attract the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The sister says that the students beside the father welcome the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The sister says that the students near the man attract the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The sister says that the women behind the daughter stop the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The sister says that the women beside the farmer ignore the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The sister says that the women beside the student block the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The son declares that the actresses before the woman welcome the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The son declares that the farmers before the brother ignore the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The son declares that the farmers beside the woman block the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The son declares that the fathers behind the farmer know the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The son declares that the friends before the mother greet the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The son declares that the friends near the boy defend the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The son declares that the girls beside the student watch the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The son declares that the girls near the friend defend the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The son declares that the mothers before the man watch the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The son declares that the mothers behind the actor defend the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The son declares that the sisters near the farmer greet the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The son declares that the students before the actor interrupt the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The son declares that the students beside the brother watch the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the actors beside the farmer meet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the actresses before the farmer avoid the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the actresses beside the man meet the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the boys behind the friend avoid the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the farmers behind the student ignore the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the farmers beside the friend ignore the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the friends beside the father watch the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the girls beside the mother block the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the mothers beside the sister defend the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the sisters near the actor watch the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the women beside the farmer observe the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The son says that the actresses near the friend know the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The son says that the brothers before the farmer block the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The son says that the farmers near the friend avoid the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The son says that the fathers before the actor meet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The son says that the men behind the student observe the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The son says that the mothers beside the actress ignore the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The son says that the students before the friend meet the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The son says that the students before the mother know the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The son says that the women beside the farmer avoid the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The student declares that the actors behind the sister know the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The student declares that the actresses behind the friend stop the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The student declares that the boys behind the father stop the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The student declares that the daughters before the mother welcome the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The student declares that the daughters beside the friend stop the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The student declares that the daughters beside the woman observe the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The student declares that the daughters near the brother defend the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The student declares that the farmers behind the actor greet the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The student declares that the farmers beside the father stop the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The student declares that the fathers beside the friend meet the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friends behind the daughter defend the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friends beside the farmer avoid the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The student declares that the girls before the man block the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The student declares that the sons beside the farmer watch the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the actors near the son stop the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the brothers before the friend attract the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the brothers behind the father attract the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the brothers behind the man avoid the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the brothers behind the mother block the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the daughters near the actress greet the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the farmers before the woman ignore the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the farmers beside the sister know the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the farmers near the daughter attract the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friends behind the father watch the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the friends near the woman greet the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the girls before the daughter attract the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the girls before the farmer know the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the men near the boy observe the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the mothers beside the woman interrupt the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the sons beside the farmer interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the women beside the father ignore the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The student says that the actresses near the friend defend the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The student says that the daughters before the sister ignore the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The student says that the daughters near the girl welcome the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The student says that the friends before the actress ignore the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The student says that the friends before the woman attract the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The student says that the friends beside the girl meet the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The student says that the friends near the actor ignore the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The student says that the girls beside the brother observe the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The student says that the men behind the brother know the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental	The student says that the men behind the friend meet the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The student says that the men beside the actress observe the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental	The student says that the mothers before the actor attract the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The student says that the mothers near the actress stop the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental	The student says that the mothers near the brother avoid the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The student says that the mothers near the sister welcome the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The student says that the women near the daughter avoid the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the actresses behind the farmer welcome the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the actresses near the boy ignore the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the boys near the friend interrupt the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the boys near the student defend the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the brothers before the son watch the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the fathers behind the farmer watch the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the mothers behind the sister welcome the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the sons behind the sister interrupt the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the actresses behind the mother know the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the brothers near the daughter stop the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the farmers behind the daughter meet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the farmers beside the actor interrupt the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the farmers near the girl stop the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the friends near the farmer meet the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the friends near the girl avoid the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the sisters before the daughter interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the sisters before the daughter watch the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the sisters before the son interrupt the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the sons near the sister meet the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the students beside the son block the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The woman says that the actresses beside the son meet the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental	The woman says that the daughters beside the actor greet the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The woman says that the fathers near the brother greet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The woman says that the friends behind the son attract the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The woman says that the friends beside the son avoid the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The woman says that the friends near the student greet the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The woman says that the girls before the sister greet the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental	The woman says that the girls beside the farmer defend the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental	The woman says that the mothers before the daughter interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The woman says that the sons before the boy avoid the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the farmers behind the girls observe the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the farmers near the sisters ignore the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the fathers beside the men avoid the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the friends near the men know the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the girls before the men interrupt the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the sisters beside the fathers know the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the sons behind the friends defend the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the sons beside the friends greet the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the students before the daughters greet the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the students before the fathers know the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the students before the friends greet the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The actor declares that the women beside the students meet the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the daughters before the fathers watch the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the farmers near the mothers know the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the fathers beside the boys meet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the friends beside the farmers greet the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the girls beside the farmers attract the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the sisters before the farmers observe the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the sisters before the friends ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the students behind the mothers interrupt the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actor remembers that the students beside the sons ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The actor says that the boys behind the daughters interrupt the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actor says that the farmers before the fathers stop the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The actor says that the farmers near the friends welcome the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actor says that the fathers beside the brothers know the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The actor says that the friends before the students avoid the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The actor says that the friends beside the students greet the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The actor says that the men before the friends greet the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The actor says that the mothers before the sons welcome the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actor says that the sons before the boys observe the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The actor says that the sons beside the fathers attract the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The actor says that the sons near the boys defend the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The actor says that the women behind the friends ignore the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The actor says that the women near the friends avoid the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the friends beside the farmers welcome the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the friends near the farmers meet the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the girls behind the students watch the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the students near the mothers stop the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The actress declares that the women beside the boys stop the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the boys before the sons block the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the daughters near the brothers greet the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the fathers beside the girls greet the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the friends before the sons interrupt the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the girls beside the daughters block the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the girls near the friends greet the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the men behind the sisters ignore the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the mothers before the sons observe the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the mothers beside the boys stop the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the sisters before the friends block the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The actress remembers that the sons beside the mothers watch the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The actress says that the daughters before the women block the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The actress says that the fathers behind the brothers avoid the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The actress says that the friends near the men defend the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The actress says that the mothers beside the sons meet the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The actress says that the students before the friends avoid the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The actress says that the students near the sisters greet the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the actresses beside the women greet the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the daughters beside the women observe the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the farmers beside the students watch the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the friends near the farmers observe the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the men near the students observe the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the mothers before the men avoid the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the sisters beside the farmers know the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the sons beside the students watch the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the students before the mothers observe the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The boy declares that the women near the farmers block the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the actresses before the farmers meet the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the actresses before the students avoid the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the farmers beside the actors attract the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the farmers near the daughters block the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the fathers before the farmers stop the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the fathers behind the actresses avoid the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the fathers near the brothers observe the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the men beside the actresses know the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the sisters behind the students avoid the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the sisters near the farmers know the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The boy remembers that the students beside the sons interrupt the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The boy says that the actresses before the friends know the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The boy says that the brothers beside the actors meet the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The boy says that the daughters before the actresses block the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The boy says that the daughters beside the men meet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The boy says that the fathers before the farmers welcome the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The boy says that the friends before the daughters block the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The boy says that the friends beside the fathers avoid the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The boy says that the mothers before the students meet the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The boy says that the mothers behind the brothers know the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The boy says that the students beside the fathers welcome the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the actors behind the students stop the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the actresses behind the farmers watch the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the fathers beside the actresses watch the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the sons near the friends watch the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the sons near the women block the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The brother declares that the women near the farmers block the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the farmers before the girls greet the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the farmers near the boys attract the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the girls before the sons ignore the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the men behind the students greet the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the mothers behind the boys attract the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The brother remembers that the students beside the friends meet the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The brother says that the actors near the girls attract the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The brother says that the boys before the mothers ignore the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmers behind the friends attract the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmers beside the girls meet the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmers near the actresses defend the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmers near the women welcome the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The brother says that the farmers near the women welcome the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The brother says that the friends beside the fathers meet the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The brother says that the men behind the students defend the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The brother says that the students before the sons stop the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The brother says that the women beside the students interrupt the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the actors beside the men greet the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the actresses beside the students ignore the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the farmers before the friends defend the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the friends beside the sisters interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the friends beside the women greet the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the girls behind the men observe the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the mothers near the friends watch the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The daughter declares that the students behind the actors ignore the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the boys near the friends stop the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the farmers behind the friends avoid the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the friends behind the actors observe the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The daughter remembers that the students behind the actors avoid the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the farmers before the friends stop the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the fathers behind the men meet the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the students before the boys defend the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The daughter says that the students before the farmers stop the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the actors before the friends defend the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the actors behind the fathers watch the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the actresses beside the students watch the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the brothers behind the mothers avoid the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the daughters near the actors defend the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the fathers behind the sisters stop the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the fathers beside the brothers know the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the fathers beside the students watch the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the friends beside the sisters greet the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the men before the boys avoid the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the men before the daughters interrupt the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the men beside the girls meet the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the men beside the mothers observe the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the mothers behind the students ignore the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the sisters before the friends know the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the sisters near the friends stop the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the students before the fathers avoid the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the students behind the actors watch the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the students behind the brothers avoid the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the students behind the sons know the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the students beside the sisters greet the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the women beside the boys greet the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer declares that the women near the sisters defend the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actors behind the friends avoid the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the actors behind the men greet the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the boys before the sons observe the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the boys beside the brothers know the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the brothers before the students know the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the brothers behind the students block the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the brothers beside the boys know the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the daughters beside the fathers greet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the daughters near the students know the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the fathers before the actresses ignore the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the friends near the women interrupt the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the girls beside the friends stop the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the men behind the friends stop the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the men beside the actors greet the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sisters before the students meet the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the sons behind the students greet the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the students before the girls observe the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the women before the actresses know the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the women beside the sons interrupt the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the women near the daughters attract the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmer remembers that the women near the girls attract the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actors behind the fathers welcome the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actresses behind the friends attract the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the actresses beside the brothers block the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brothers near the men block the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brothers near the men defend the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the brothers near the sons avoid the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the daughters behind the friends meet the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the daughters beside the actors attract the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the fathers behind the sisters welcome the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the fathers beside the daughters meet the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the fathers near the men observe the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friends behind the sisters know the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the friends beside the girls meet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the girls beside the sisters avoid the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the girls beside the sons interrupt the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the men beside the boys block the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the sisters beside the daughters stop the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the sons behind the actresses defend the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the sons beside the men stop the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the sons beside the women know the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the students behind the women know the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the students near the fathers know the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The farmer says that the women beside the students interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The father declares that the daughters before the friends stop the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The father declares that the farmers before the sisters defend the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The father declares that the farmers behind the students watch the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The father declares that the friends beside the farmers watch the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The father declares that the friends beside the girls defend the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The father declares that the men near the students greet the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The father declares that the sons near the students greet the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The father declares that the students behind the friends know the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The father declares that the students near the boys ignore the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the boys before the brothers ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the boys beside the sisters watch the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the daughters behind the boys observe the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the friends before the sons interrupt the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the friends before the students observe the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the girls behind the friends block the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the girls beside the sons stop the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the sons before the friends defend the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the sons behind the students stop the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the students near the daughters avoid the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The father remembers that the women before the girls observe the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The father says that the actresses before the brothers block the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The father says that the daughters behind the brothers welcome the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The father says that the farmers before the friends stop the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The father says that the farmers near the friends observe the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The father says that the friends near the farmers defend the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The father says that the sisters beside the daughters defend the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The father says that the sons before the farmers welcome the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The father says that the women before the actresses meet the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the boys near the sons stop the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the brothers before the sons interrupt the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the brothers behind the fathers know the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the brothers near the mothers greet the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the daughters before the students observe the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the daughters behind the actors avoid the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the daughters beside the boys defend the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the farmers near the mothers interrupt the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the fathers behind the brothers watch the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the fathers behind the men observe the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the fathers beside the students meet the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the fathers near the women ignore the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the girls before the farmers meet the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the girls behind the men block the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the girls near the farmers avoid the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the sisters behind the actresses greet the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the students before the farmers observe the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the students before the fathers avoid the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the students before the sons block the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The friend declares that the women near the students meet the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actors before the boys attract the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actors beside the farmers greet the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the actors near the women ignore the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the brothers before the students avoid the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the daughters beside the brothers observe the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmers before the boys greet the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmers behind the men observe the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmers beside the fathers block the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmers beside the girls meet the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the farmers near the boys defend the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the fathers near the farmers avoid the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the girls before the students meet the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the girls beside the women attract the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the mothers beside the men interrupt the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the sisters before the students greet the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the sisters behind the actresses know the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the sisters behind the farmers block the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the sisters near the farmers observe the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the sons before the students observe the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the sons near the farmers avoid the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the students behind the sons observe the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the students near the sisters observe the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The friend remembers that the women before the farmers meet the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actors beside the boys greet the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actors beside the daughters observe the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actors beside the men interrupt the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actors beside the sons ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actresses before the girls stop the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actresses beside the students greet the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The friend says that the actresses near the mothers interrupt the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmers before the daughters interrupt the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend says that the farmers beside the sons avoid the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend says that the fathers near the farmers stop the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The friend says that the girls near the men avoid the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The friend says that the men before the farmers block the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The friend says that the men near the brothers meet the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The friend says that the mothers before the actors ignore the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend says that the sisters before the girls attract the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The friend says that the students before the farmers stop the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The friend says that the students beside the women ignore the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The friend says that the students near the sisters welcome the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The friend says that the women behind the girls interrupt the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friend says that the women near the sisters meet the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the brothers behind the farmers meet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the brothers behind the friends avoid the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the brothers beside the friends meet the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the farmers before the students stop the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the fathers before the brothers ignore the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the fathers behind the men ignore the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the friends before the farmers watch the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the friends beside the men ignore the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the friends beside the sisters stop the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the men near the daughters interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the sons beside the women greet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The girl declares that the women beside the brothers ignore the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the actresses before the mothers block the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the actresses behind the sisters interrupt the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the farmers before the sisters avoid the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the farmers beside the friends block the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the farmers beside the sisters block the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the fathers before the women interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the friends near the daughters stop the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the men beside the brothers greet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the mothers before the daughters avoid the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The girl remembers that the students beside the sons greet the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The girl says that the actors beside the fathers attract the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The girl says that the farmers near the daughters welcome the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The girl says that the farmers near the sisters interrupt the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girl says that the fathers before the sons defend the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The girl says that the men beside the sons defend the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The girl says that the mothers near the farmers defend the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The girl says that the sons before the fathers avoid the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The girl says that the sons behind the men defend the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The girl says that the students near the sons attract the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The man declares that the boys beside the daughters defend the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The man declares that the daughters behind the brothers welcome the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The man declares that the farmers before the mothers stop the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The man declares that the friends beside the farmers watch the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The man declares that the friends beside the sons watch the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The man declares that the friends near the farmers block the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The man declares that the friends near the sisters know the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The man declares that the girls behind the mothers avoid the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The man declares that the girls near the friends defend the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The man declares that the mothers beside the sisters welcome the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The man declares that the mothers near the sons observe the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The man declares that the sisters near the friends welcome the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The man declares that the students near the brothers block the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the actors beside the boys meet the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the actresses before the girls ignore the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the brothers near the friends observe the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the farmers before the students stop the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the fathers before the actors attract the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the fathers beside the farmers know the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the friends behind the brothers watch the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the mothers before the girls watch the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The man remembers that the students behind the actresses defend the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The man says that the actors near the students ignore the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The man says that the boys before the sisters ignore the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The man says that the daughters beside the friends avoid the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The man says that the fathers before the brothers greet the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The man says that the girls behind the friends block the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The man says that the girls beside the actors block the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The man says that the sisters behind the students defend the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The man says that the sisters near the farmers know the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The man says that the sons before the students interrupt the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The man says that the sons behind the brothers defend the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The man says that the students behind the actresses defend the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the daughters beside the brothers defend the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the farmers beside the brothers watch the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the farmers beside the sisters interrupt the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the friends beside the actresses block the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the girls before the sisters meet the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the students beside the friends ignore the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The mother declares that the students near the farmers know the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the brothers beside the friends meet the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the brothers beside the girls meet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the farmers near the sisters block the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the farmers near the students ignore the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the friends before the actresses watch the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The mother remembers that the friends before the girls block the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental	The mother says that the actors near the boys meet the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The mother says that the actors near the students attract the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The mother says that the actresses behind the students defend the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The mother says that the boys behind the actresses know the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The mother says that the daughters before the girls observe the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The mother says that the farmers before the girls meet the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The mother says that the farmers behind the friends interrupt the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The mother says that the farmers near the brothers interrupt the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The mother says that the farmers near the sons greet the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The mother says that the men behind the girls defend the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The mother says that the men beside the actresses stop the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The mother says that the sisters behind the friends know the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The mother says that the sons before the boys attract the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The mother says that the sons behind the boys block the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The mother says that the students before the brothers defend the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The mother says that the students before the daughters defend the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The mother says that the students behind the sisters greet the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the farmers beside the friends avoid the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the farmers beside the girls meet the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the girls beside the farmers interrupt the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the sons behind the farmers greet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the students before the daughters know the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the students before the girls welcome the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The sister declares that the students behind the sons avoid the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the actresses beside the fathers avoid the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the boys behind the women interrupt the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the boys near the farmers observe the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the daughters before the women interrupt the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the daughters beside the farmers watch the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the farmers beside the friends interrupt the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the farmers near the mothers know the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the friends near the actors meet the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the sons near the farmers defend the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the students behind the farmers stop the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the students near the actors interrupt the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the women before the daughters attract the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The sister remembers that the women before the friends greet the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The sister says that the actors near the farmers know the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The sister says that the boys near the friends attract the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The sister says that the daughters near the friends greet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The sister says that the farmers beside the boys attract the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The sister says that the girls before the actors defend the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The sister says that the girls before the farmers attract the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The sister says that the girls near the fathers avoid the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The sister says that the men before the friends meet the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The sister says that the men beside the friends interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister says that the mothers beside the farmers interrupt the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister says that the mothers near the sons interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sister says that the sons beside the farmers observe the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The sister says that the students before the friends ignore the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental	The sister says that the women beside the fathers avoid the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The son declares that the actors behind the students know the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental	The son declares that the brothers before the friends welcome the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The son declares that the brothers beside the mothers watch the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental	The son declares that the fathers before the brothers defend the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The son declares that the fathers near the brothers ignore the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The son declares that the friends behind the mothers meet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental	The son declares that the men beside the farmers welcome the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The son declares that the sisters beside the fathers ignore the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental	The son declares that the sisters near the farmers block the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the actresses beside the boys observe the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the boys beside the actors ignore the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the brothers near the friends meet the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the farmers beside the friends attract the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the friends near the farmers observe the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The son remembers that the students before the women defend the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The son says that the actresses before the farmers welcome the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The son says that the brothers before the women welcome the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The son says that the farmers near the students welcome the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The son says that the friends beside the mothers avoid the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The son says that the friends near the farmers observe the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The son says that the men behind the actresses observe the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The son says that the students before the girls stop the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The student declares that the boys before the farmers defend the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The student declares that the brothers before the fathers interrupt the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The student declares that the brothers beside the boys block the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The student declares that the daughters beside the friends welcome the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental	The student declares that the daughters near the fathers stop the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The student declares that the daughters near the women interrupt the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The student declares that the farmers behind the daughters block the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The student declares that the farmers beside the daughters interrupt the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friends before the women stop the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental	The student declares that the friends beside the mothers block the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The student declares that the girls beside the men greet the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The student declares that the men behind the friends block the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental	The student declares that the mothers beside the daughters observe the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The student declares that the sisters behind the actresses observe the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental	The student declares that the sons near the farmers avoid the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the actors behind the men interrupt the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the actors near the friends avoid the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the actresses near the daughters greet the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the boys before the men stop the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the boys behind the sisters greet the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the brothers behind the farmers ignore the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the brothers near the sons meet the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the daughters before the sisters know the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the daughters behind the farmers observe the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the farmers before the women watch the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the farmers near the actresses avoid the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the fathers behind the friends avoid the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the fathers near the brothers watch the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the girls near the sisters defend the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the mothers before the actors interrupt the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the mothers behind the daughters defend the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the sisters before the sons observe the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the sisters behind the boys defend the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the sisters beside the daughters ignore the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the sons behind the mothers watch the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the sons beside the farmers know the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the women before the friends defend the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the women beside the farmers avoid the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental	The student remembers that the women near the fathers know the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The student says that the actors near the farmers block the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The student says that the actresses beside the friends interrupt the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The student says that the boys before the actresses block the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The student says that the boys behind the daughters attract the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The student says that the boys near the actresses observe the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The student says that the brothers before the mothers stop the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The student says that the daughters behind the friends greet the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The student says that the farmers beside the mothers avoid the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The student says that the farmers beside the mothers stop the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The student says that the fathers behind the men attract the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The student says that the friends before the boys greet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The student says that the friends behind the farmers defend the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The student says that the friends beside the men observe the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The student says that the girls behind the farmers stop the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The student says that the mothers beside the actresses greet the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental	The student says that the sisters before the fathers know the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental	The student says that the sisters beside the farmers observe the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The student says that the sons behind the farmers interrupt the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the friends behind the sisters defend the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the mothers behind the farmers avoid the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental	The woman declares that the sisters near the boys greet the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the actresses behind the students know the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the daughters near the girls interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the farmers before the daughters know the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the farmers near the mothers observe the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the sisters beside the students watch the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the students before the friends ignore the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the students beside the fathers attract the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental	The woman remembers that the students near the daughters meet the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental	The woman says that the boys before the students avoid the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental	The woman says that the boys before the students stop the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental	The woman says that the boys behind the actors observe the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The woman says that the brothers before the girls attract the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental	The woman says that the farmers beside the friends observe the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental	The woman says that the girls behind the actors block the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The woman says that the sisters before the actors meet the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental	The woman says that the sons before the friends block the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental	The woman says that the students beside the actresses defend the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental	The woman says that the students beside the friends welcome the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the boy before the student meets the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the boy beside the friend greets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the boy beside the friend observes the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the daughter beside the student observes the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the farmer before the girl interrupts the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the father behind the brother stops the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the father near the brother avoids the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the father near the son greets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the friend beside the daughter meets the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the girl before the friend blocks the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the girl behind the student blocks the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the man before the student stops the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the man near the son meets the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the mother beside the daughter defends the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the student near the farmer avoids the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the woman near the father interrupts the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the boy near the son watches the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the farmer near the woman interrupts the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the friend beside the boy attracts the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the girl before the sister attracts the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the girl behind the woman watches the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the son behind the father defends the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the student beside the brother defends the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The actors say that the brother behind the farmer welcomes the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The actors say that the friend before the man welcomes the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The actors say that the girl beside the man welcomes the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The actors say that the girl near the man greets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The actors say that the mother before the man welcomes the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The actors say that the student behind the farmer welcomes the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The actors say that the woman before the sister ignores the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the farmer beside the woman blocks the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the father near the friend interrupts the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the friend before the farmer knows the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the friend behind the farmer stops the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the friend beside the daughter greets the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the man near the father knows the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the son before the mother observes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the student behind the daughter defends the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the student beside the farmer meets the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the boy beside the sister knows the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the farmer before the friend blocks the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the farmer beside the friend watches the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the friend before the brother observes the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the friend before the daughter interrupts the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the friend near the brother meets the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the girl before the mother stops the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the man beside the boy attracts the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the man near the son observes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the mother near the student attracts the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the student before the friend avoids the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the student near the friend meets the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the student near the son meets the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the brother behind the son welcomes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the brother near the friend greets the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the daughter before the boy meets the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the farmer before the son meets the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the farmer before the student welcomes the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the farmer beside the brother interrupts the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the farmer near the friend interrupts the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the father behind the boy stops the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the father beside the sister meets the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the friend near the sister defends the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the friend near the student blocks the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the girl before the friend avoids the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the mother before the daughter defends the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the mother behind the daughter meets the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the sister before the father greets the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the student beside the daughter blocks the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the student beside the daughter welcomes the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the actor before the friend observes the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the actor beside the student watches the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the brother behind the woman welcomes the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the friend before the actor meets the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the friend near the man greets the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the woman before the friend blocks the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the woman behind the sister greets the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the actor before the friend interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the actress beside the brother observes the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the friend behind the woman greets the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the mother near the farmer meets the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the student before the actress attracts the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the student near the actress avoids the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the student near the daughter meets the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The boys say that the actress before the woman defends the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The boys say that the brother beside the woman knows the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The boys say that the farmer beside the student avoids the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The boys say that the friend before the woman knows the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The boys say that the mother near the farmer attracts the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The boys say that the student before the brother knows the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the actress near the daughter knows the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the boy beside the friend ignores the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the farmer near the friend ignores the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the man behind the student greets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the son behind the student welcomes the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the son beside the student greets the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the woman behind the farmer greets the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the woman beside the friend interrupts the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the farmer behind the student stops the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the friend beside the student interrupts the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the son before the father avoids the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the son beside the boy watches the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the son beside the student interrupts the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the student before the farmer stops the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the actor beside the farmer avoids the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the farmer beside the girl meets the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the father behind the friend stops the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the girl behind the actress attracts the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the man behind the girl observes the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the student behind the mother knows the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the woman beside the mother interrupts the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the actor near the sister stops the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the actress behind the boy watches the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the friend near the woman knows the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the mother near the girl stops the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the sister near the friend stops the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the woman before the actor interrupts the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the man behind the student ignores the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the mother near the girl ignores the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the mother near the girl stops the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the woman before the friend knows the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the woman behind the actor interrupts the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the actor behind the woman ignores the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the actress before the friend interrupts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the father behind the friend defends the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the father near the sister interrupts the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the girl before the farmer avoids the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the girl before the mother blocks the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the man before the friend welcomes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the man behind the actor attracts the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the man behind the father interrupts the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the mother beside the man attracts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the student before the actor welcomes the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the woman beside the brother stops the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actor beside the girl welcomes the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actor beside the son defends the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actor near the girl greets the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actress near the brother observes the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actress near the sister greets the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the brother before the son greets the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the brother near the actress watches the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the brother near the girl welcomes the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the father beside the friend watches the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend before the actor avoids the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend before the brother knows the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend before the man stops the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend beside the son greets the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend beside the woman blocks the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend near the actress welcomes the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend near the son stops the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the man behind the son watches the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the man beside the friend stops the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the man beside the mother interrupts the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the man beside the son greets the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the mother beside the boy blocks the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the mother beside the boy welcomes the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the mother beside the son defends the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the mother near the sister interrupts the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the sister beside the friend avoids the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the son before the boy ignores the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the student before the friend meets the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the student behind the daughter watches the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the student behind the man defends the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the student beside the girl knows the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the student near the girl welcomes the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the student near the woman blocks the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the woman before the actress meets the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actor before the student blocks the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actor behind the friend observes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actress behind the son attracts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the father near the friend interrupts the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friend beside the sister avoids the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friend near the father avoids the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the girl before the student defends the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the sister beside the student attracts the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the son near the friend stops the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the student before the daughter avoids the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the student before the man meets the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the student behind the friend avoids the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the student behind the man stops the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the student near the actor greets the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the student near the girl meets the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the woman before the actress watches the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the woman before the daughter meets the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the actor before the student ignores the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the actor behind the boy avoids the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the daughter near the student blocks the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friend before the son avoids the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friend before the student avoids the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friend behind the boy defends the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the girl before the son knows the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the girl before the student welcomes the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the man behind the friend welcomes the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the mother beside the student interrupts the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the sister before the boy welcomes the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the student before the father stops the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the student near the daughter blocks the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the actress near the sister meets the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the boy beside the brother defends the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the brother behind the boy ignores the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the farmer beside the friend blocks the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the farmer near the girl greets the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the friend near the brother welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the son near the actor watches the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the woman beside the brother knows the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the boy behind the woman meets the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the brother before the girl observes the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the daughter behind the farmer interrupts the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the daughter beside the woman ignores the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the farmer beside the sister defends the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the farmer near the daughter knows the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the friend beside the farmer watches the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the girl before the man blocks the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the sister near the actress attracts the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the son beside the friend knows the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the brother behind the boy welcomes the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the daughter before the brother avoids the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmer before the actress interrupts the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmer behind the sister defends the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the friend behind the man defends the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the friend beside the student knows the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the girl behind the daughter ignores the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the girl near the man meets the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the sister before the man knows the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the student before the sister greets the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the student behind the farmer defends the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the student behind the son stops the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the actor before the boy greets the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the actress behind the student avoids the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the actress near the son stops the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the actress near the student greets the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the daughter before the actress watches the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the farmer before the sister meets the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the farmer behind the boy ignores the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the farmer beside the mother ignores the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the farmer near the actress stops the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the girl before the man watches the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the girl beside the actress welcomes the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the man before the father welcomes the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the man behind the sister interrupts the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the man near the farmer greets the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the mother near the son meets the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sister before the actor blocks the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sister near the daughter observes the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the son behind the man interrupts the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the son behind the student meets the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the student before the brother observes the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the student behind the son welcomes the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the woman before the farmer interrupts the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the woman near the boy welcomes the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actor beside the son attracts the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actress before the father defends the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the brother behind the daughter blocks the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the brother behind the girl blocks the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer before the sister observes the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer beside the actor watches the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer beside the brother observes the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer near the sister avoids the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the father beside the girl knows the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the father beside the student blocks the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the man beside the girl observes the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the mother behind the man knows the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the mother behind the sister meets the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the sister behind the mother blocks the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the sister behind the son ignores the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the sister beside the actor observes the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the sister near the girl attracts the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the sister near the student defends the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the son before the woman greets the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the son near the brother knows the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the student before the sister blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the student behind the actress defends the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the student behind the woman watches the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the student near the farmer observes the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the student near the girl blocks the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the woman behind the father greets the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the woman beside the actor stops the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the woman beside the student ignores the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends say that the actor near the woman interrupts the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends say that the boy near the son welcomes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The friends say that the brother before the actress meets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The friends say that the farmer behind the daughter knows the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The friends say that the farmer behind the sister ignores the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends say that the farmer beside the actress observes the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The friends say that the farmer beside the sister greets the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The friends say that the farmer near the man ignores the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends say that the father beside the woman avoids the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The friends say that the girl before the son welcomes the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The friends say that the girl near the actor knows the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The friends say that the man behind the boy interrupts the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends say that the man beside the father interrupts the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends say that the sister behind the student interrupts the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student behind the brother defends the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student beside the actress defends the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student near the boy ignores the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student near the brother stops the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student near the mother interrupts the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends say that the woman before the actress meets the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The friends say that the woman before the boy meets the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The friends say that the woman before the sister blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The friends say that the woman behind the actress knows the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the brother behind the actress welcomes the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the daughter behind the mother defends the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the farmer before the daughter interrupts the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the farmer before the son stops the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the student near the daughter blocks the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the actor near the woman observes the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the daughter near the student blocks the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the farmer behind the friend watches the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the friend near the student defends the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the mother near the farmer meets the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the sister beside the actor attracts the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the son before the brother knows the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the son near the actor defends the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The girls say that the brother before the daughter ignores the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The girls say that the daughter beside the woman avoids the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The girls say that the farmer before the sister meets the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The girls say that the friend beside the actor observes the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The men declare that the actress before the friend stops the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The men declare that the boy behind the brother avoids the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The men declare that the boy behind the mother welcomes the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The men declare that the father behind the student avoids the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The men declare that the girl beside the son interrupts the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The men declare that the student before the girl avoids the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The men remember that the farmer beside the student observes the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The men remember that the friend near the daughter defends the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The men remember that the friend near the student meets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The men remember that the mother before the brother interrupts the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The men remember that the student before the sister ignores the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The men say that the actor near the daughter welcomes the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The men say that the boy behind the mother greets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The men say that the daughter near the friend blocks the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmer behind the friend observes the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmer beside the actress knows the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The men say that the father behind the boy observes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The men say that the girl behind the friend attracts the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The men say that the mother behind the boy ignores the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The men say that the son near the farmer stops the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The men say that the student behind the son observes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the actor before the woman stops the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the boy near the man welcomes the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the daughter before the actress defends the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the farmer behind the sister watches the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the farmer beside the student defends the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the farmer near the brother meets the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the friend before the farmer welcomes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the girl near the man defends the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the actor near the woman defends the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the brother near the student meets the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the farmer near the friend knows the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the girl before the friend knows the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the man before the student avoids the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the man behind the student attracts the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the sister behind the friend avoids the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the son beside the farmer avoids the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the woman behind the actor greets the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the actor beside the student meets the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the brother beside the student attracts the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the farmer behind the sister interrupts the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the farmer beside the actor meets the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the friend before the farmer avoids the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the friend near the daughter observes the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the man near the friend defends the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the sister before the son knows the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the son behind the sister knows the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the actress before the woman watches the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the actress beside the farmer knows the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the actress beside the son blocks the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the boy behind the student defends the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the daughter near the farmer defends the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the father behind the actor blocks the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the mother near the son defends the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the student near the farmer meets the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the actor before the father attracts the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the farmer near the daughter interrupts the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the farmer near the father avoids the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the friend beside the actor knows the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the girl before the farmer attracts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the man beside the daughter stops the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the mother before the student observes the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the actor before the mother interrupts the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the boy beside the actress attracts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the father beside the man attracts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the friend before the father attracts the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the friend before the father welcomes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the friend before the woman knows the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the friend beside the father avoids the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the friend near the boy interrupts the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the girl beside the son attracts the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the man before the friend interrupts the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the son beside the boy stops the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the student beside the actor blocks the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the student near the boy defends the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the actor beside the father welcomes the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the actress behind the friend meets the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the farmer behind the father observes the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the friend behind the brother knows the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the friend behind the man welcomes the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the friend near the woman defends the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the man near the farmer ignores the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the sister near the farmer ignores the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the student beside the brother observes the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the woman before the student interrupts the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the woman beside the friend stops the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the actor beside the friend defends the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the boy before the sister knows the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the father near the woman stops the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friend before the farmer avoids the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the girl beside the father greets the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the girl beside the father meets the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the girl near the student attracts the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the man beside the boy interrupts the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the student before the mother blocks the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the student behind the brother interrupts the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the student beside the friend knows the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the student near the brother attracts the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The sons say that the actor near the father blocks the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The sons say that the brother near the father greets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The sons say that the farmer before the student observes the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The sons say that the farmer behind the friend welcomes the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The sons say that the farmer beside the mother observes the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The sons say that the father before the actress blocks the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The sons say that the friend behind the brother meets the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The sons say that the girl beside the man knows the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The sons say that the mother behind the friend avoids the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The sons say that the student before the friend defends the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The sons say that the student behind the friend attracts the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental	The sons say that the student beside the friend stops the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The sons say that the woman behind the farmer greets the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The students declare that the actress beside the mother knows the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental	The students declare that the boy behind the man interrupts the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students declare that the brother before the mother blocks the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental	The students declare that the brother near the actor avoids the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The students declare that the daughter behind the boy greets the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmer before the man greets the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmer beside the brother defends the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmer beside the girl avoids the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmer near the actress watches the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmer near the friend ignores the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The students declare that the friend behind the boy ignores the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The students declare that the friend behind the brother avoids the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The students declare that the friend behind the farmer defends the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The students declare that the friend beside the son watches the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The students declare that the girl behind the friend observes the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The students declare that the man behind the brother greets the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The students declare that the sister before the actor avoids the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The students declare that the son before the mother observes the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The students declare that the son before the woman stops the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The students remember that the actor before the woman attracts the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The students remember that the actor near the mother meets the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the actress before the son avoids the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The students remember that the daughter behind the man attracts the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmer before the man knows the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmer behind the daughter observes the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmer beside the son stops the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The students remember that the father behind the actress avoids the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The students remember that the father behind the friend meets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friend before the man observes the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friend behind the actress watches the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friend behind the brother interrupts the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friend beside the brother interrupts the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friend near the farmer ignores the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girl before the friend greets the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girl behind the mother knows the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girl near the farmer greets the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the mother behind the man attracts the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The students remember that the mother behind the man observes the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The students remember that the sister behind the friend interrupts the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students remember that the woman beside the boy blocks the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The students say that the actor before the sister blocks the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The students say that the actor beside the sister welcomes the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The students say that the brother beside the actress blocks the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The students say that the farmer behind the mother greets the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The students say that the farmer behind the sister greets the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The students say that the farmer near the brother knows the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The students say that the farmer near the sister defends the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental	The students say that the father before the friend meets the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The students say that the friend before the mother meets the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The students say that the friend behind the daughter interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students say that the friend beside the father greets the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The students say that the friend beside the sister avoids the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The students say that the girl before the father meets the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental	The students say that the girl beside the mother stops the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental	The students say that the man before the actor ignores the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The students say that the man before the son knows the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental	The students say that the man behind the brother avoids the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The students say that the mother before the brother blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental	The students say that the mother near the actress observes the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The students say that the mother near the brother avoids the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The students say that the son behind the man ignores the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The students say that the woman beside the farmer welcomes the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The women declare that the boy near the father watches the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The women declare that the brother before the son welcomes the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The women declare that the farmer before the brother ignores the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The women declare that the farmer before the son watches the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The women declare that the father beside the friend observes the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The women declare that the friend before the son watches the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The women declare that the girl near the daughter interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The women declare that the mother near the boy watches the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The women declare that the sister before the student greets the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The women declare that the son before the girl stops the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The women declare that the son beside the friend defends the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The women remember that the daughter behind the farmer avoids the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The women remember that the farmer behind the brother avoids the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The women remember that the farmer behind the daughter blocks the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The women remember that the farmer behind the student avoids the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The women remember that the farmer near the girl attracts the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The women remember that the friend behind the student ignores the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The women remember that the girl before the actress knows the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The women remember that the girl behind the farmer avoids the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The women remember that the student near the farmer meets the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The women say that the friend before the brother greets the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental	The women say that the friend behind the mother observes the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the brother before the fathers ignores the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the brother behind the friends greets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the brother beside the boys defends the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the girl beside the fathers avoids the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the girl beside the fathers defends the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the student beside the fathers meets the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the student beside the men welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the boy before the brothers attracts the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the boy before the friends interrupts the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the farmer behind the boys interrupts the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the father before the boys meets the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the girl beside the students meets the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the mother before the farmers watches the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the son near the students interrupts the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the woman beside the daughters watches the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the woman near the students meets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The actors say that the brother beside the boys interrupts the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actors say that the father before the students defends the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The actors say that the father beside the women avoids the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The actors say that the friend behind the mothers observes the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The actors say that the mother beside the men ignores the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The actors say that the mother beside the women defends the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The actors say that the sister near the students defends the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The actors say that the son before the friends ignores the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The actors say that the son beside the women knows the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The actors say that the student before the men attracts the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the boy beside the men interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the farmer behind the sons observes the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the farmer beside the mothers observes the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the farmer near the women interrupts the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the friend beside the daughters observes the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the man before the boys avoids the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the mother beside the friends interrupts the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the son behind the friends watches the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the student before the brothers avoids the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the student behind the mothers welcomes the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the woman before the daughters greets the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the woman near the boys watches the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the woman near the girls meets the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the brother before the fathers observes the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the farmer behind the women avoids the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the father behind the brothers observes the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the father near the friends interrupts the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the girl near the men ignores the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the sister behind the mothers attracts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the student behind the farmers meets the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the student behind the fathers interrupts the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the farmer beside the boys avoids the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the father behind the boys stops the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the father behind the friends greets the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the father near the sons stops the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the friend behind the farmers greets the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the girl behind the women avoids the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the mother near the women ignores the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the sister beside the fathers welcomes the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the student beside the friends avoids the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the woman near the friends blocks the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the actor before the women meets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the actor beside the daughters defends the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the brother before the men welcomes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the daughter before the students watches the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the daughter near the brothers meets the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the farmer before the women greets the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the father before the daughters watches the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the friend near the daughters interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the man beside the actors knows the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the sister before the fathers ignores the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the son near the friends blocks the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the student behind the women avoids the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the daughter behind the actors meets the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the daughter behind the farmers observes the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the farmer beside the sons defends the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the student before the farmers blocks the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The boys say that the farmer before the men attracts the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The boys say that the farmer near the brothers observes the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The boys say that the father behind the students interrupts the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The boys say that the friend before the farmers knows the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The boys say that the friend behind the brothers greets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The boys say that the friend behind the brothers knows the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The boys say that the man near the mothers avoids the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The boys say that the mother beside the actors welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the actor near the fathers greets the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the actress beside the students observes the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the boy near the men greets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the daughter before the friends defends the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the farmer beside the girls greets the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the farmer beside the men avoids the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the father before the girls watches the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the friend beside the sons watches the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the mother before the friends observes the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the son before the mothers welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the student before the friends meets the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the woman near the students blocks the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the daughter before the students avoids the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the friend beside the sons observes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the friend near the actresses observes the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the friend near the farmers ignores the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the girl behind the fathers attracts the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the man before the friends ignores the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the mother before the sons avoids the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the student before the girls defends the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the actor near the farmers defends the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the actress before the farmers meets the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the daughter before the students avoids the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the farmer before the mothers knows the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the farmer beside the girls knows the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the friend before the actors stops the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the friend before the students greets the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the friend beside the actresses stops the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the friend near the students knows the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the mother behind the friends observes the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the son before the men greets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the son near the men avoids the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the actress before the students watches the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the boy before the friends interrupts the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the brother behind the women stops the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the friend beside the sisters observes the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the friend near the brothers avoids the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the man before the friends stops the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the mother near the friends welcomes the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the sister behind the friends stops the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the sister near the girls watches the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the student behind the actors ignores the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the woman behind the brothers knows the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the woman beside the students watches the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the actor before the farmers greets the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the brother near the actors avoids the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the farmer behind the men greets the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the farmer near the boys greets the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the student before the men greets the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the student beside the women knows the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the actor behind the mothers ignores the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the actress before the brothers stops the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the brother beside the fathers greets the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the farmer near the boys ignores the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the father before the brothers attracts the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the father beside the friends ignores the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the father beside the students defends the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the friend beside the brothers interrupts the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the girl beside the students knows the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the mother behind the students blocks the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the mother near the women ignores the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the sister near the girls knows the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the student near the men greets the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actor behind the boys greets the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the brother beside the actresses ignores the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the brother beside the fathers welcomes the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the brother near the students avoids the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughter before the brothers defends the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughter before the students greets the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughter beside the students observes the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughter near the friends avoids the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend before the brothers meets the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend behind the sons knows the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend behind the students avoids the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend beside the girls stops the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friend near the students greets the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the girl before the friends blocks the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the girl beside the brothers ignores the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the man beside the fathers interrupts the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the son beside the men watches the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the student before the friends meets the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the woman before the friends greets the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the woman near the sisters watches the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actor beside the women stops the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actress beside the daughters interrupts the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actress beside the students avoids the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the boy near the daughters interrupts the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the brother before the girls observes the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the brother near the friends defends the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the daughter behind the students stops the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the father beside the friends knows the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the father near the men interrupts the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friend before the sons ignores the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friend behind the actresses stops the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friend beside the students greets the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the girl before the fathers knows the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the girl before the mothers meets the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the girl behind the actresses attracts the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the mother near the students defends the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the student behind the actresses observes the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the actress behind the fathers meets the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the actress behind the fathers stops the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the actress behind the friends interrupts the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the father before the actresses avoids the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the father near the students meets the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friend behind the men blocks the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friend beside the sons avoids the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the girl before the brothers greets the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the man behind the brothers blocks the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the man near the mothers defends the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the mother near the men meets the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the son behind the sisters knows the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the student before the friends greets the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the student before the sons greets the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the student near the daughters interrupts the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the woman beside the daughters attracts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the actress behind the girls defends the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the daughter before the farmers observes the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the friend near the farmers meets the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the girl beside the students meets the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the girl near the students avoids the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the man near the farmers watches the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the sister near the actors interrupts the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the actor beside the friends greets the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the boy before the actors attracts the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the brother before the actresses knows the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the brother beside the actresses greets the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the brother near the sons interrupts the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the farmer beside the friends observes the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the friend behind the farmers blocks the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the friend beside the daughters attracts the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the man behind the farmers blocks the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the man near the farmers greets the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the son behind the farmers observes the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the woman beside the farmers interrupts the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the boy behind the sons avoids the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the daughter behind the students stops the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmer before the boys avoids the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmer near the actresses meets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmer near the sisters stops the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the girl behind the women blocks the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the son before the friends observes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the student beside the boys knows the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the actor before the women blocks the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the boy before the men avoids the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the boy near the sons interrupts the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the brother before the students defends the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the brother behind the sons ignores the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the brother beside the mothers welcomes the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the daughter near the students interrupts the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the father before the farmers stops the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the father near the boys stops the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the girl behind the farmers greets the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the girl near the fathers meets the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the man behind the farmers avoids the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the man beside the boys observes the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the man beside the girls blocks the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the mother before the daughters ignores the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sister behind the fathers blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sister beside the women observes the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the son near the actresses knows the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the student before the girls welcomes the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the student near the girls watches the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the student near the mothers defends the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the woman before the brothers observes the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actor before the daughters meets the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actress before the girls defends the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actress beside the women greets the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the boy behind the fathers stops the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the boy near the actresses blocks the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the daughter behind the actresses watches the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the daughter beside the women blocks the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer before the girls greets the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer before the women watches the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer behind the boys meets the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer behind the girls ignores the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer behind the women watches the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmer near the boys observes the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the father before the actors attracts the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the girl beside the farmers greets the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the man before the mothers attracts the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the son beside the actresses greets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the son near the students meets the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the son near the women ignores the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the student before the daughters stops the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the woman behind the sisters watches the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the woman beside the actresses stops the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The friends say that the boy before the actresses interrupts the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends say that the boy before the women blocks the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The friends say that the brother before the actresses interrupts the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends say that the brother near the farmers greets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The friends say that the brother near the fathers stops the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The friends say that the daughter before the girls avoids the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The friends say that the daughter behind the students stops the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The friends say that the farmer before the fathers greets the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The friends say that the father before the sons welcomes the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The friends say that the girl beside the farmers attracts the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The friends say that the man behind the students interrupts the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends say that the mother before the farmers defends the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The friends say that the mother beside the sisters defends the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The friends say that the mother near the sons meets the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The friends say that the sister beside the actresses observes the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The friends say that the sister beside the girls blocks the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The friends say that the sister near the farmers ignores the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The friends say that the son near the mothers observes the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student behind the fathers observes the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student beside the actors avoids the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student beside the actors interrupts the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student near the sons stops the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The friends say that the student near the women observes the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the brother before the sons greets the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the daughter before the women welcomes the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the farmer near the actors greets the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the father before the friends ignores the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the father beside the friends knows the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the friend near the daughters defends the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the sister before the fathers meets the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the sister behind the farmers ignores the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the son before the brothers ignores the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the farmer beside the fathers stops the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the farmer beside the friends defends the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the farmer near the actresses interrupts the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the man behind the farmers observes the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the man near the students interrupts the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the student near the friends meets the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The girls say that the actor near the men knows the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The girls say that the actress before the sons stops the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The girls say that the daughter before the friends interrupts the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girls say that the daughter behind the brothers welcomes the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The girls say that the friend before the fathers interrupts the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The girls say that the sister beside the fathers meets the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The girls say that the son behind the men meets the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The girls say that the student behind the sisters knows the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The men declare that the actress near the sisters welcomes the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The men declare that the brother behind the students avoids the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The men declare that the daughter behind the fathers ignores the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The men declare that the farmer behind the friends blocks the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The men declare that the friend before the fathers blocks the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The men declare that the girl behind the sisters meets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The men declare that the student before the sisters welcomes the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The men declare that the student behind the daughters knows the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental	The men declare that the student beside the farmers defends the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The men declare that the student beside the friends meets the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The men declare that the student beside the sisters blocks the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The men declare that the student near the boys interrupts the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The men remember that the actress beside the boys watches the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The men remember that the boy beside the farmers meets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The men remember that the friend before the farmers attracts the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The men remember that the friend before the farmers blocks the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The men remember that the friend behind the sons greets the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The men remember that the girl before the fathers ignores the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The men remember that the girl before the students meets the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The men remember that the girl beside the brothers knows the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The men remember that the mother beside the farmers ignores the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The men remember that the sister before the farmers watches the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The men remember that the sister beside the students stops the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The men remember that the son beside the friends watches the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The men remember that the student behind the actors blocks the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The men say that the actor behind the mothers defends the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The men say that the actress before the farmers stops the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The men say that the actress behind the farmers attracts the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The men say that the actress behind the farmers interrupts the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The men say that the actress behind the farmers meets the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The men say that the actress behind the girls meets the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The men say that the boy before the students defends the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmer before the boys blocks the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The men say that the friend beside the farmers attracts the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The men say that the mother near the sons interrupts the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The men say that the son before the mothers avoids the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The men say that the son near the students ignores the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The men say that the student near the girls interrupts the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the brother near the daughters avoids the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the farmer behind the boys watches the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the farmer near the women meets the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the friend beside the daughters observes the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the friend beside the farmers watches the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the friend beside the sisters stops the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the actress before the girls interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the farmer beside the friends defends the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the friend before the students watches the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the friend beside the daughters blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the son beside the women watches the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the son near the sisters defends the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the student before the actresses interrupts the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the woman near the brothers greets the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the actor beside the farmers welcomes the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the actor near the farmers defends the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the actor near the friends blocks the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the daughter before the men attracts the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the farmer behind the friends avoids the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the farmer near the sons interrupts the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the man near the farmers blocks the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the sister before the daughters knows the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the student behind the sisters defends the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the actor near the friends ignores the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the boy before the farmers meets the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the farmer behind the friends blocks the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the farmer behind the girls ignores the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the farmer beside the students meets the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the father behind the students interrupts the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the girl behind the farmers meets the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the man near the daughters watches the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the mother before the actors ignores the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the mother beside the friends greets the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the son beside the students welcomes the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the actress beside the friends stops the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the farmer before the sons blocks the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the farmer beside the daughters defends the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the farmer near the friends avoids the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the father near the boys watches the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the friend beside the girls ignores the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the man beside the farmers ignores the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the mother behind the sons observes the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the son behind the girls knows the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the student before the women knows the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the student beside the mothers stops the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the woman behind the students avoids the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the actor behind the mothers blocks the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the daughter behind the farmers interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the daughter behind the students observes the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the farmer beside the fathers avoids the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the father before the men avoids the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the friend before the mothers defends the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the girl near the students avoids the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the girl near the students defends the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the man beside the actors welcomes the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the man near the actors defends the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the student before the men greets the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the student behind the women meets the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the woman beside the actors defends the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the actor before the brothers stops the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the brother near the women defends the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the friend behind the farmers blocks the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the friend behind the fathers blocks the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the mother before the girls defends the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the mother behind the actresses observes the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the sister behind the women blocks the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the sister near the actresses knows the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the student behind the friends observes the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the farmer beside the friends attracts the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the farmer near the actors ignores the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the father before the men interrupts the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the father beside the students defends the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friend before the actors knows the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friend before the men interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friend behind the brothers knows the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friend behind the farmers watches the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friend near the sisters meets the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the mother beside the students avoids the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the student behind the sisters meets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The sons say that the brother behind the actresses welcomes the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The sons say that the farmer behind the brothers avoids the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The sons say that the father near the actresses attracts the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The sons say that the friend near the boys stops the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The sons say that the girl beside the farmers attracts the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The sons say that the man before the mothers defends the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The students declare that the actress behind the farmers observes the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The students declare that the actress behind the mothers observes the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental	The students declare that the actress beside the sisters defends the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The students declare that the boy before the friends welcomes the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The students declare that the brother behind the farmers avoids the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The students declare that the brother behind the men interrupts the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students declare that the brother near the farmers interrupts the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmer near the women knows the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental	The students declare that the father before the actresses greets the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The students declare that the father near the farmers interrupts the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students declare that the man behind the actresses avoids the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The students declare that the man near the sisters blocks the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The students declare that the mother beside the actresses watches the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental	The students declare that the sister near the farmers blocks the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The students declare that the son near the women meets the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental	The students declare that the woman before the sisters avoids the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The students remember that the boy behind the actors greets the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the brother before the boys stops the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The students remember that the brother behind the women observes the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmer before the daughters meets the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmer before the men greets the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmer beside the friends meets the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmer near the daughters knows the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmer near the fathers greets the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmer near the women avoids the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friend before the girls meets the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friend behind the boys interrupts the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friend near the sons stops the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girl behind the actresses interrupts the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girl near the men observes the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental	The students remember that the man near the girls greets the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the mother near the boys greets the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental	The students remember that the sister behind the sons ignores the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental	The students remember that the woman before the brothers interrupts the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The students remember that the woman before the farmers knows the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental	The students say that the actor beside the boys avoids the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The students say that the brother behind the farmers avoids the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The students say that the brother beside the boys defends the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental	The students say that the daughter beside the friends stops the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The students say that the farmer behind the actors avoids the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The students say that the friend near the brothers blocks the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The students say that the girl near the men meets the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The students say that the man beside the actors meets the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The students say that the man beside the sisters meets the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental	The students say that the man near the sons greets the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The students say that the mother near the farmers welcomes the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The students say that the sister behind the actors knows the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The students say that the son beside the friends blocks the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental	The students say that the woman beside the farmers welcomes the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The students say that the woman near the actresses ignores the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental	The women declare that the actress beside the students stops the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental	The women declare that the boy behind the sisters defends the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The women declare that the brother before the farmers defends the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental	The women declare that the brother behind the farmers blocks the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The women declare that the friend before the farmers knows the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental	The women declare that the friend behind the students blocks the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental	The women declare that the sister near the fathers greets the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental	The women declare that the son beside the girls interrupts the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental	The women declare that the student behind the daughters avoids the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental	The women declare that the student behind the fathers welcomes the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental	The women remember that the brother before the farmers interrupts the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental	The women remember that the brother near the sons blocks the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental	The women remember that the farmer behind the fathers stops the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental	The women remember that the girl near the fathers avoids the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The women remember that the mother near the actresses meets the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental	The women remember that the son before the fathers watches the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental	The women remember that the student before the farmers avoids the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental	The women remember that the student behind the brothers attracts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental	The women say that the boy behind the sisters greets the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental	The women say that the brother near the fathers attracts the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental	The women say that the farmer behind the friends stops the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental	The women say that the father before the sisters observes the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental	The women say that the friend near the mothers knows the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental	The women say that the mother behind the actresses avoids the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental	The women say that the student beside the sons welcomes the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the boys behind the daughter meet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the boys near the man meet the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the brothers near the student interrupt the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the daughters behind the girl meet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the daughters behind the mother stop the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the daughters behind the student stop the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the farmers behind the mother know the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the sisters before the father observe the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the sons before the farmer welcome the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the women behind the student defend the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the farmers behind the girl defend the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the farmers near the student avoid the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the fathers before the friend avoid the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the fathers before the student attract the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the friends behind the woman interrupt the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the girls before the man know the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the girls behind the farmer greet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the girls near the friend watch the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the sisters near the girl attract the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the students behind the man watch the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the women behind the father defend the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The actors say that the brothers behind the farmer attract the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The actors say that the daughters behind the man greet the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The actors say that the men beside the mother welcome the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actors say that the sons beside the woman welcome the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actors say that the students behind the girl meet the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the daughters beside the friend know the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the fathers behind the woman defend the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the friends beside the girl defend the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the men before the sister observe the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the men near the friend avoid the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the sisters beside the farmer observe the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the sisters beside the friend greet the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the sons behind the student avoid the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the students before the man defend the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the women before the son greet the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the boys near the son stop the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the farmers before the friend interrupt the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the farmers beside the student defend the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the mothers before the farmer stop the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the sisters beside the farmer observe the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the sisters beside the father watch the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the sons near the girl avoid the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the students before the daughter attract the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the students beside the mother stop the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the women near the friend stop the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the brothers beside the son ignore the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the brothers beside the son welcome the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the farmers beside the student observe the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the girls before the farmer meet the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the girls behind the farmer ignore the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the girls beside the daughter block the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the girls near the woman stop the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the sons near the brother interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the women beside the friend block the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the actors behind the father observe the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the actresses near the friend block the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the men before the sister avoid the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the men behind the daughter observe the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the men beside the father observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the sons before the brother watch the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the sons near the sister meet the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the students near the friend observe the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the actors near the brother defend the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the brothers near the actor watch the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the farmers behind the actress defend the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the farmers behind the friend observe the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the farmers near the daughter interrupt the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the friends before the farmer attract the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the friends beside the son know the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the women behind the father avoid the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the women near the sister defend the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The boys say that the brothers behind the actor avoid the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The boys say that the farmers behind the mother ignore the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The boys say that the farmers near the mother ignore the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The boys say that the fathers near the brother welcome the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The boys say that the friends behind the farmer defend the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental	The boys say that the friends beside the farmer stop the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The boys say that the sons near the farmer know the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The boys say that the women beside the student block the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The boys say that the women beside the student defend the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the boys before the woman avoid the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the students behind the farmer avoid the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the women near the daughter ignore the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the actors beside the father interrupt the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the farmers beside the man block the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the fathers beside the farmer observe the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the friends before the man attract the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the friends beside the student observe the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the girls beside the mother block the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the men behind the girl avoid the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the men beside the actor avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the mothers before the man meet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the mothers beside the woman meet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the sons beside the father avoid the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the sons near the friend stop the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the actors beside the student observe the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the boys before the actor interrupt the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the daughters near the girl defend the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the farmers behind the girl ignore the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the fathers near the man defend the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the friends before the man stop the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the friends beside the son know the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the girls behind the woman ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the mothers behind the girl avoid the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the students near the girl greet the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the women behind the student welcome the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the actresses before the brother interrupt the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the friends behind the father stop the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the women near the father block the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the actors behind the sister know the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the actresses near the friend watch the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the brothers behind the friend interrupt the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the brothers near the mother know the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the farmers behind the student interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the fathers before the friend observe the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the friends before the father avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the friends beside the sister know the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the friends near the sister ignore the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the girls behind the actor greet the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the sisters behind the woman defend the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the sisters beside the father observe the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the students behind the father ignore the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the students beside the woman meet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the boys behind the father avoid the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the boys behind the mother observe the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the brothers before the actor interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the brothers beside the friend observe the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the brothers near the actress welcome the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the farmers beside the sister attract the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the friends beside the woman block the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the men near the actress greet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the sisters before the farmer observe the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the sisters behind the friend ignore the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the students behind the man observe the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the women beside the actress interrupt the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actors near the friend interrupt the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actors near the student welcome the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actresses behind the father ignore the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the boys near the actor stop the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughters beside the father welcome the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughters beside the girl watch the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughters near the brother observe the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughters near the mother observe the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friends before the sister avoid the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friends behind the boy defend the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friends beside the boy greet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the girls behind the father block the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the girls near the brother meet the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the men before the girl welcome the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the men beside the friend know the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the mothers behind the friend stop the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the mothers behind the student greet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the mothers beside the student observe the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the sisters behind the boy defend the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the sons before the student avoid the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the students beside the friend block the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actors before the friend attract the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actors beside the friend know the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actors beside the friend stop the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the fathers before the friend block the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friends beside the son avoid the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friends beside the son ignore the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the girls before the actress meet the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the girls before the student avoid the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the girls beside the actor block the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the girls beside the daughter attract the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the sons before the student meet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the sons near the student avoid the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the students before the actor ignore the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the students before the man defend the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the students behind the father block the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the women behind the mother block the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the women near the daughter avoid the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the actresses before the sister observe the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the daughters behind the man block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the daughters beside the sister know the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the fathers before the boy meet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the fathers behind the student attract the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friends before the actor stop the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friends before the sister greet the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friends behind the man observe the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friends near the boy welcome the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the men beside the sister know the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the men beside the student ignore the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the sisters before the friend avoid the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the students behind the sister meet the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the women before the boy greet the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the farmers behind the friend stop the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the farmers near the student interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the girls beside the sister greet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the sons behind the actress welcome the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the students behind the sister observe the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the actors behind the man meet the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the daughters before the actor ignore the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the friends before the farmer watch the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the girls behind the farmer watch the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the men near the farmer block the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the sisters beside the farmer defend the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the sons behind the woman ignore the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the students before the girl meet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the students near the boy avoid the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the women beside the friend stop the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the women beside the sister stop the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the women near the actress stop the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the actresses before the son know the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the boys beside the actress ignore the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the boys near the brother block the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the daughters beside the sister defend the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers behind the actress block the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers near the friend defend the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers near the student attract the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers near the student attract the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the friends before the daughter interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the friends before the man welcome the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the friends behind the girl avoid the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the men before the student stop the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the sisters behind the man stop the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the sisters beside the actress greet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the sisters near the friend stop the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the sons behind the friend greet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the students beside the son interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the actresses beside the student stop the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the brothers before the actress defend the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the brothers behind the boy stop the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the fathers before the woman ignore the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the fathers before the woman stop the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the fathers behind the man meet the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the girls near the mother stop the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the girls near the son ignore the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the mothers behind the woman watch the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sisters before the student block the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sisters behind the woman interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sons before the sister ignore the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sons behind the student meet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sons near the farmer block the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the students before the daughter defend the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the students before the farmer watch the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the students beside the son ignore the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the women near the daughter welcome the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actors before the student ignore the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actresses near the farmer know the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actresses near the student ignore the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actresses near the student know the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the boys before the actor ignore the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the boys beside the actress watch the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the boys beside the woman attract the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the boys near the actor ignore the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the boys near the student avoid the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the brothers near the actor meet the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the daughters before the woman watch the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmers before the man observe the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmers before the mother defend the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the fathers before the daughter avoid the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the fathers near the boy avoid the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the girls beside the mother attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the girls near the daughter attract the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the men beside the son avoid the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the mothers before the girl interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the sisters behind the father watch the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the students beside the daughter block the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the women near the brother observe the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The friends say that the actresses beside the man avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends say that the brothers before the father meet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The friends say that the brothers behind the farmer defend the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental	The friends say that the daughters beside the student know the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The friends say that the daughters near the girl defend the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental	The friends say that the daughters near the student ignore the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends say that the farmers behind the woman know the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The friends say that the fathers before the girl observe the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The friends say that the fathers before the student know the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The friends say that the men beside the farmer stop the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The friends say that the mothers before the woman block the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The friends say that the sisters near the student interrupt the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends say that the sons behind the farmer interrupt the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends say that the sons beside the girl interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends say that the students behind the actress block the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The friends say that the women behind the student interrupt the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends say that the women beside the boy know the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The friends say that the women near the boy stop the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the actresses behind the woman stop the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the actresses near the sister observe the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the farmers before the friend observe the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the fathers before the farmer watch the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the mothers beside the daughter meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the students near the mother meet the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the students near the woman greet the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the brothers near the father defend the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the farmers near the son block the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the fathers behind the farmer interrupt the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the men before the friend know the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the sons behind the sister watch the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the students beside the man block the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the women beside the student ignore the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the women near the actress defend the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The girls say that the actresses behind the woman interrupt the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girls say that the daughters behind the woman observe the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The girls say that the friends before the father ignore the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The girls say that the men before the farmer greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The girls say that the sisters before the farmer meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The girls say that the sisters behind the student attract the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The girls say that the sons near the student welcome the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The girls say that the students before the brother interrupt the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The men declare that the actresses behind the farmer block the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The men declare that the daughters near the farmer stop the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The men declare that the farmers before the boy welcome the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The men declare that the farmers beside the girl stop the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The men declare that the fathers near the brother stop the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The men declare that the friends before the brother observe the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The men declare that the friends behind the mother watch the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The men declare that the sons near the farmer welcome the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The men remember that the actresses beside the farmer avoid the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The men remember that the daughters before the friend attract the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The men remember that the daughters beside the farmer avoid the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The men remember that the farmers behind the sister watch the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The men remember that the farmers near the father attract the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The men remember that the friends before the mother ignore the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The men remember that the friends behind the boy avoid the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The men remember that the girls before the student know the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The men remember that the girls behind the farmer meet the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The men remember that the sons beside the mother interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The men remember that the students behind the actor attract the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The men remember that the students behind the farmer meet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The men remember that the students beside the actress meet the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers before the daughter know the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers before the student interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers beside the son greet the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers near the student interrupt the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The men say that the fathers before the boy welcome the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The men say that the students before the brother attract the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The men say that the students before the girl observe the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The men say that the students near the friend block the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the actors before the boy ignore the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the actors near the son greet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the actresses beside the friend observe the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the actresses near the daughter watch the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the boys before the actress ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the farmers beside the daughter know the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the friends before the son greet the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the friends behind the brother avoid the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the friends beside the daughter know the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the girls behind the man ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the girls near the daughter watch the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the sisters beside the man meet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the sons behind the friend interrupt the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the students before the friend welcome the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the students before the woman ignore the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the students before the woman observe the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the women before the sister block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the women beside the brother observe the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the women near the farmer defend the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the women near the farmer observe the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the actors behind the son avoid the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the actresses before the man interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the farmers behind the actress ignore the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the students near the woman avoid the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the women before the sister block the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the actors near the man stop the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the boys before the student greet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the boys beside the son avoid the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the brothers before the student welcome the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the farmers behind the friend stop the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the friends near the brother stop the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the friends near the girl observe the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the girls before the actor meet the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the girls behind the man welcome the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the men before the son block the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the men behind the boy greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the actors beside the daughter stop the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the actresses beside the student know the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the boys near the student greet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the daughters behind the friend avoid the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the fathers beside the daughter know the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the friends behind the student meet the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the men before the farmer watch the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the mothers near the son avoid the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the students beside the daughter avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the actors before the student avoid the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the actors behind the student block the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the actresses behind the son know the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the daughters behind the student defend the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the fathers behind the daughter meet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the girls beside the farmer defend the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the men behind the farmer interrupt the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the sons near the student stop the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the students near the actor stop the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the women beside the daughter watch the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the actors before the mother block the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the actors beside the man interrupt the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the boys behind the man avoid the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the daughters before the actress welcome the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the farmers behind the mother block the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the friends near the girl observe the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the men beside the friend avoid the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the students before the boy interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the students near the actor ignore the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the actors beside the student welcome the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the farmers before the man meet the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the farmers before the student interrupt the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the farmers behind the student watch the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the fathers before the student block the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the fathers behind the student interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the mothers near the actor interrupt the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the students before the brother greet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the students behind the mother avoid the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the actors near the friend know the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the boys before the actor attract the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the brothers behind the actor ignore the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the brothers beside the father stop the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the fathers behind the man stop the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friends before the woman stop the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friends behind the actor avoid the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friends near the farmer defend the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the men before the farmer watch the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the sisters behind the friend defend the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the women beside the student interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sons say that the actors beside the mother observe the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The sons say that the actresses near the man attract the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The sons say that the farmers before the actor attract the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The sons say that the farmers before the father know the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The sons say that the farmers before the friend stop the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The sons say that the farmers beside the friend avoid the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The sons say that the friends near the student observe the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The sons say that the girls beside the farmer attract the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The sons say that the men beside the friend stop the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The sons say that the men near the brother stop the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The sons say that the mothers near the actress attract the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The students declare that the actors before the friend ignore the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The students declare that the actresses behind the girl block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The students declare that the actresses near the brother welcome the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The students declare that the boys near the man meet the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The students declare that the brothers beside the actor ignore the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The students declare that the daughters behind the woman stop the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmers before the friend observe the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmers behind the son block the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmers beside the mother welcome the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The students declare that the fathers behind the son defend the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The students declare that the friends before the farmer observe the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The students declare that the friends near the farmer meet the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The students declare that the girls near the friend meet the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The students declare that the mothers near the daughter avoid the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The students declare that the sisters before the father block the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The students declare that the sisters behind the friend greet the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The students declare that the sons before the friend greet the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The students declare that the women near the sister interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The students remember that the boys behind the friend greet the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The students remember that the boys beside the father watch the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The students remember that the brothers before the friend block the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The students remember that the brothers before the girl defend the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The students remember that the brothers near the boy know the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmers behind the woman observe the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmers beside the mother greet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmers beside the sister greet the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friends before the daughter avoid the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friends beside the woman avoid the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girls before the friend meet the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girls behind the friend greet the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girls near the son watch the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The students remember that the mothers beside the son watch the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The students remember that the women before the actress attract the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The students remember that the women behind the brother know the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The students remember that the women behind the mother block the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The students remember that the women beside the actor avoid the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The students remember that the women near the son ignore the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The students say that the actors before the boy meet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The students say that the actors behind the man ignore the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The students say that the actors beside the farmer observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The students say that the actresses before the mother know the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental	The students say that the actresses beside the daughter stop the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The students say that the actresses near the farmer welcome the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The students say that the brothers before the farmer block the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The students say that the farmers beside the brother ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The students say that the fathers beside the girl interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The students say that the friends before the actor interrupt the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The students say that the friends beside the farmer ignore the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The students say that the friends near the boy attract the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The students say that the girls before the actor block the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The students say that the mothers beside the friend attract the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The students say that the sisters behind the man block the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The students say that the sisters near the actor observe the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental	The students say that the sisters near the woman stop the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The women declare that the actors before the student avoid the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The women declare that the boys before the brother avoid the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The women declare that the boys near the friend block the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The women declare that the boys near the student stop the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The women declare that the daughters before the farmer watch the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The women declare that the fathers behind the boy stop the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The women declare that the friends before the student block the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The women declare that the mothers near the brother welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The women declare that the sisters near the boy defend the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The women declare that the sons before the friend block the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The women declare that the sons behind the actor welcome the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The women declare that the students behind the farmer meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The women declare that the students behind the farmer watch the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The women declare that the students behind the farmer welcome the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The women remember that the actresses behind the farmer block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The women remember that the farmers beside the mother greet the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The women remember that the friends before the sister ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The women remember that the friends behind the student observe the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The women remember that the friends beside the sister know the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The women remember that the mothers behind the student meet the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The women remember that the students behind the actor avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The women remember that the students behind the sister interrupt the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The women say that the boys behind the actress stop the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental	The women say that the brothers behind the boy defend the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental	The women say that the daughters behind the farmer meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The women say that the girls before the farmer ignore the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The women say that the mothers before the friend attract the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The women say that the sisters behind the student attract the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The women say that the sons before the friend meet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental	The women say that the sons before the girl greet the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental	The women say that the sons near the girl welcome the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the brothers before the farmers avoid the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the brothers beside the farmers avoid the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the girls behind the men defend the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the men near the mothers observe the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The actors declare that the sons behind the mothers meet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the boys behind the men ignore the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the fathers beside the sisters observe the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the friends behind the students ignore the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the friends beside the mothers block the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the girls before the brothers observe the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the men behind the brothers avoid the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the men beside the farmers greet the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the mothers beside the daughters block the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the students behind the sisters meet the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The actors remember that the women beside the farmers watch the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The actors say that the brothers near the mothers stop the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The actors say that the daughters near the women observe the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The actors say that the farmers behind the friends defend the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The actors say that the friends beside the farmers meet the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The actors say that the girls behind the fathers interrupt the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actors say that the men beside the students meet the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The actors say that the men near the fathers attract the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The actors say that the women behind the farmers welcome the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the boys before the fathers watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the fathers beside the friends avoid the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the fathers near the students welcome the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the friends near the mothers know the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the girls near the brothers welcome the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the girls near the farmers know the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the men beside the mothers ignore the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the mothers beside the girls interrupt the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the women before the students watch the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The actresses declare that the women behind the students ignore the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the brothers before the fathers watch the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the brothers near the daughters watch the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the daughters beside the friends observe the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the fathers behind the friends stop the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the fathers behind the girls watch the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the fathers beside the farmers ignore the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the fathers near the sons ignore the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the friends before the sisters observe the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the friends behind the mothers stop the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the men near the farmers stop the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the sisters behind the girls greet the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the sons behind the friends attract the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The actresses remember that the students near the sisters watch the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the boys behind the mothers observe the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the brothers near the fathers defend the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the farmers beside the students attract the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the girls behind the students defend the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the students before the girls meet the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the students behind the daughters avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the students near the friends greet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the women before the fathers stop the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The actresses say that the women near the farmers know the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the brothers behind the fathers observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the farmers beside the students block the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the friends beside the actresses ignore the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the friends near the women stop the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the men before the actresses block the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the men behind the fathers meet the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the mothers before the sisters stop the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the sisters behind the friends welcome the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the sisters near the friends watch the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The boys declare that the sisters near the mothers know the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the daughters before the sisters ignore the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the farmers behind the brothers observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the farmers beside the students observe the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the fathers near the actors attract the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the fathers near the farmers defend the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the sisters before the actresses watch the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the sisters beside the sons interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the sons near the fathers meet the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the sons near the women meet the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The boys remember that the students near the women ignore the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The boys say that the actors near the daughters ignore the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The boys say that the brothers before the students attract the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The boys say that the farmers behind the students greet the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The boys say that the farmers behind the students interrupt the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The boys say that the fathers behind the sons greet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The boys say that the sisters before the friends defend the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The boys say that the sons near the sisters observe the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The boys say that the students behind the farmers attract the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The boys say that the students near the sisters stop the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The boys say that the women near the friends greet the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the actresses before the women ignore the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the farmers behind the students watch the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the farmers beside the sons interrupt the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the mothers near the farmers watch the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the mothers near the women know the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The brothers declare that the students near the farmers know the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the actresses near the mothers defend the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the farmers before the friends observe the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the farmers near the daughters avoid the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the farmers near the friends greet the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the friends beside the men know the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the men near the farmers interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The brothers remember that the sons before the farmers avoid the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the actors before the sons interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the girls beside the daughters attract the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the men behind the girls stop the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the men near the students defend the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the mothers behind the boys ignore the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the mothers behind the friends avoid the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the mothers beside the men defend the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The brothers say that the sons behind the farmers defend the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the actors behind the friends observe the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the actors near the farmers watch the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the actresses before the friends greet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the actresses near the friends know the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the boys before the farmers avoid the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the boys near the farmers watch the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the friends before the actors stop the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the friends near the brothers meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The daughters declare that the men behind the actors meet the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the actors behind the fathers interrupt the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the actresses beside the women avoid the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the fathers beside the friends meet the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the friends before the sisters greet the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The daughters remember that the sisters before the actors meet the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the actresses near the friends interrupt the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the brothers behind the actresses ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the farmers beside the mothers attract the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the farmers near the fathers know the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the fathers near the girls greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the friends behind the actresses avoid the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the friends behind the sisters avoid the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The daughters say that the students near the girls know the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actors before the sons block the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actors behind the girls block the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actresses before the brothers defend the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the actresses beside the girls greet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the brothers beside the daughters block the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughters before the students observe the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the daughters beside the friends welcome the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the fathers behind the actors ignore the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friends before the men interrupt the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the friends near the men watch the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the girls before the students know the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the girls beside the students ignore the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the men near the students defend the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the sisters before the actresses watch the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the sisters before the friends greet the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the sons beside the brothers know the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the students before the sons meet the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the students beside the mothers interrupt the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The farmers declare that the women before the students avoid the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actors near the friends observe the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the actresses before the sons observe the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the brothers before the students greet the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the daughters behind the students ignore the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the fathers behind the men defend the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friends before the sisters meet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friends behind the fathers watch the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friends beside the fathers ignore the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friends beside the students greet the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the friends near the boys defend the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the mothers near the daughters greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the mothers near the friends stop the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the mothers near the students ignore the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the sisters beside the students watch the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the sisters near the friends defend the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the students before the brothers ignore the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the students before the girls attract the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmers remember that the women near the actresses observe the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the actresses beside the girls ignore the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the actresses beside the girls stop the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the actresses near the fathers welcome the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the boys before the men attract the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the boys beside the fathers avoid the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the brothers behind the friends observe the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the brothers near the friends avoid the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the daughters behind the friends stop the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the daughters near the friends welcome the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the fathers behind the boys know the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the fathers behind the brothers know the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friends before the brothers welcome the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friends behind the mothers know the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friends beside the fathers attract the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the friends near the boys meet the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the men behind the actresses know the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the men behind the fathers stop the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the mothers beside the actresses ignore the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the sisters behind the actors block the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the sisters near the friends avoid the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the sons before the fathers attract the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the sons before the friends avoid the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the students before the friends ignore the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the students beside the fathers welcome the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The farmers say that the women behind the brothers stop the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the actors before the farmers welcome the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the actors beside the friends meet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the actresses behind the students watch the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the brothers beside the daughters welcome the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the daughters behind the actors welcome the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the daughters near the friends watch the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the friends beside the farmers greet the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the sisters near the students avoid the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the sons before the friends meet the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the sons beside the students ignore the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the students behind the daughters defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the students beside the friends meet the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The fathers declare that the students near the actors stop the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the actors behind the girls ignore the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the brothers before the actresses avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the farmers behind the students meet the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the men beside the actors attract the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the sons before the girls know the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The fathers remember that the students before the actors meet the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers before the students defend the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers behind the actors greet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers behind the actors interrupt the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers beside the actresses ignore the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers beside the friends observe the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the farmers near the sisters avoid the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the friends before the daughters ignore the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the friends near the brothers interrupt the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the men behind the girls observe the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the men beside the girls block the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the students before the actresses know the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the students before the boys defend the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the students before the farmers welcome the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the students behind the daughters observe the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the students beside the brothers avoid the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the students near the sisters greet the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The fathers say that the women beside the farmers ignore the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the actors before the farmers ignore the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the brothers near the actresses stop the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the daughters before the girls meet the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the daughters beside the boys watch the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the daughters beside the brothers observe the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the farmers before the daughters know the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the farmers before the fathers greet the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the farmers near the brothers defend the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the girls behind the fathers stop the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the men near the actresses interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the mothers before the girls block the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the mothers behind the farmers ignore the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the mothers beside the men defend the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the mothers near the boys meet the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sisters behind the actors know the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sisters beside the sons avoid the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the sisters near the mothers welcome the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the students near the farmers welcome the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The friends declare that the women beside the actors watch the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actors behind the daughters defend the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actresses behind the girls observe the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the actresses beside the men avoid the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the brothers before the actors defend the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the brothers before the students know the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the daughters beside the students watch the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmers before the daughters greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmers beside the brothers block the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmers near the fathers observe the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the farmers near the women interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the fathers near the students meet the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the girls near the students meet the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the men behind the boys attract the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the men behind the sons meet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the men behind the students stop the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the mothers behind the farmers know the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the sisters before the fathers defend the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the sisters near the actresses attract the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the students before the fathers observe the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the students near the actors avoid the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the students near the men watch the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the women before the boys stop the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The friends remember that the women beside the students avoid the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends say that the actors before the fathers greet the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The friends say that the actors beside the fathers welcome the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The friends say that the actors near the boys meet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The friends say that the actresses before the farmers meet the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The friends say that the boys behind the farmers meet the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The friends say that the boys near the actors observe the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The friends say that the boys near the men avoid the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends say that the brothers before the students attract the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The friends say that the daughters beside the actors know the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The friends say that the farmers before the students observe the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The friends say that the farmers behind the sons observe the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The friends say that the girls beside the sisters meet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The friends say that the girls beside the students ignore the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The friends say that the men near the fathers stop the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The friends say that the men near the sisters welcome the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The friends say that the sons behind the girls greet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The friends say that the students before the actresses observe the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The friends say that the students beside the farmers greet the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The friends say that the students near the daughters interrupt the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The friends say that the students near the farmers know the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The friends say that the women before the farmers avoid the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The friends say that the women beside the fathers defend the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The friends say that the women beside the sons meet the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The friends say that the women near the sisters defend the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the actresses behind the fathers meet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the actresses behind the students observe the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the brothers near the mothers greet the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the farmers beside the fathers watch the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the friends before the actresses defend the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The girls declare that the friends near the sisters know the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the actors before the farmers meet the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the actresses before the daughters ignore the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the daughters before the sisters ignore the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the fathers before the brothers defend the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the friends before the actors know the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the friends before the mothers observe the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the friends beside the farmers defend the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the friends near the actresses observe the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the men near the fathers watch the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the mothers beside the daughters avoid the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the mothers beside the friends defend the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the sisters near the students interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the students beside the actors meet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the students beside the friends interrupt the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the students near the actresses greet the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The girls remember that the women beside the brothers interrupt the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girls say that the brothers near the farmers interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girls say that the farmers behind the sisters greet the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The girls say that the fathers before the sisters interrupt the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girls say that the fathers before the women stop the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The girls say that the sisters before the actresses interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The girls say that the students behind the sons greet the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The girls say that the women before the sisters attract the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The men declare that the actresses before the boys defend the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The men declare that the boys beside the daughters watch the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The men declare that the daughters before the friends observe the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The men declare that the farmers near the actresses ignore the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The men declare that the friends behind the actors greet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The men declare that the friends beside the girls interrupt the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The men declare that the friends beside the students know the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The men declare that the girls before the friends welcome the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The men declare that the girls behind the mothers observe the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The men declare that the sons near the friends interrupt the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The men remember that the actors near the girls watch the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The men remember that the actresses beside the brothers ignore the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The men remember that the brothers before the boys observe the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The men remember that the brothers beside the sons know the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The men remember that the farmers before the boys greet the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The men remember that the farmers beside the friends block the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The men remember that the friends beside the actresses defend the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The men remember that the friends near the sisters watch the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The men remember that the girls behind the daughters interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The men remember that the mothers before the girls ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The men say that the actresses near the boys interrupt the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The men say that the boys behind the farmers ignore the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers before the friends attract the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers behind the fathers defend the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers behind the friends attract the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers behind the girls greet the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers near the actors meet the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The men say that the farmers near the sons greet the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The men say that the friends behind the sisters avoid the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The men say that the girls beside the sisters defend the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The men say that the mothers beside the friends welcome the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The men say that the mothers near the sons greet the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The men say that the sisters before the sons meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the boys beside the actors observe the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the boys near the men meet the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the brothers beside the sons observe the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the daughters near the friends know the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the farmers near the daughters defend the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the farmers near the women welcome the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the friends before the actresses ignore the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the sisters beside the men welcome the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the students before the sons defend the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The mothers declare that the students near the friends welcome the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the actors before the boys watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the actors behind the brothers watch the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the boys behind the women attract the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the daughters before the farmers know the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the daughters near the brothers avoid the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the daughters near the farmers watch the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the farmers before the actors observe the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the farmers near the men block the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the friends beside the men attract the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the girls behind the friends meet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the men beside the students greet the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the students before the women ignore the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the students behind the friends know the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the students beside the friends defend the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The mothers remember that the women near the students know the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the actors behind the daughters stop the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the actors near the farmers welcome the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the actresses before the students greet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the boys beside the men ignore the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the brothers beside the farmers block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the friends behind the boys greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The mothers say that the students before the boys defend the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the boys before the farmers defend the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the boys near the farmers ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the sons beside the women watch the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the students before the boys meet the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the students near the boys welcome the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the women beside the daughters avoid the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the women beside the mothers ignore the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The sisters declare that the women near the mothers defend the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the daughters before the men defend the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the farmers before the daughters defend the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the farmers behind the students ignore the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the fathers beside the students ignore the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the friends near the actresses ignore the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the mothers behind the friends block the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the students behind the actresses observe the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the students behind the women avoid the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the students near the actors stop the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The sisters remember that the students near the friends ignore the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the actresses before the farmers avoid the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the fathers near the women stop the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the girls beside the friends ignore the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the men before the sons observe the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the mothers behind the boys ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the sons before the actresses meet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The sisters say that the students near the daughters defend the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the actresses before the fathers interrupt the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the boys beside the friends avoid the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the friends before the girls know the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the friends near the actors watch the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the girls beside the fathers block the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the mothers beside the farmers ignore the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the sisters near the friends greet the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental	The sons declare that the students behind the mothers watch the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the boys before the students meet the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the brothers behind the fathers attract the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the farmers near the boys stop the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the fathers behind the actresses watch the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the fathers near the actors block the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the friends near the girls know the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the girls beside the men greet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the sisters before the boys block the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the sisters before the fathers stop the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the sisters beside the farmers ignore the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the students before the women block the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the women near the friends defend the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The sons remember that the women near the mothers know the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The sons say that the brothers behind the men interrupt the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sons say that the farmers behind the women know the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The sons say that the men behind the girls welcome the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental	The sons say that the mothers before the students attract the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The sons say that the sisters before the boys ignore the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The sons say that the students behind the men interrupt the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The sons say that the students near the brothers stop the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The sons say that the women before the sisters ignore the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The sons say that the women beside the farmers ignore the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental	The sons say that the women beside the farmers observe the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The sons say that the women near the actresses interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The students declare that the actresses before the sons meet the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The students declare that the actresses beside the sisters meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The students declare that the daughters before the actresses watch the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The students declare that the daughters near the friends watch the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmers before the actresses block the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmers behind the boys meet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The students declare that the farmers near the friends ignore the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The students declare that the friends before the women avoid the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental	The students declare that the men behind the brothers observe the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The students declare that the men near the sons interrupt the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental	The students declare that the sisters beside the women welcome the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The students declare that the sons near the men ignore the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental	The students remember that the actors beside the boys ignore the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The students remember that the actors beside the daughters watch the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The students remember that the actors beside the mothers attract the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The students remember that the actors near the friends avoid the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The students remember that the brothers behind the women observe the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The students remember that the daughters beside the farmers attract the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmers before the actors attract the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmers beside the actors block the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The students remember that the farmers beside the mothers defend the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The students remember that the fathers behind the girls greet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friends before the sons avoid the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friends behind the mothers meet the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental	The students remember that the friends near the girls interrupt the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girls before the women stop the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental	The students remember that the girls behind the farmers attract the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental	The students remember that the men before the farmers block the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental	The students remember that the men before the friends know the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The students remember that the mothers near the women observe the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental	The students remember that the sons before the fathers ignore the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The students remember that the sons near the friends greet the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The students say that the actresses before the farmers greet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The students say that the boys behind the fathers meet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The students say that the boys beside the sisters greet the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental	The students say that the brothers behind the friends attract the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The students say that the brothers near the sons meet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The students say that the farmers beside the friends stop the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The students say that the fathers beside the sisters meet the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The students say that the friends before the boys know the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The students say that the friends before the farmers attract the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental	The students say that the girls behind the men block the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The students say that the men before the boys avoid the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The students say that the men before the friends stop the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental	The students say that the men behind the mothers avoid the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental	The students say that the men near the friends block the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The students say that the sisters near the fathers block the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The students say that the sons behind the fathers interrupt the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The women declare that the actresses near the brothers observe the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental	The women declare that the actresses near the farmers know the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental	The women declare that the daughters behind the sisters block the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental	The women declare that the mothers before the friends welcome the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The women declare that the students before the friends welcome the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental	The women declare that the students behind the friends meet the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental	The women remember that the farmers beside the actresses defend the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental	The women remember that the farmers beside the daughters greet the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The women remember that the farmers near the brothers know the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The women remember that the fathers before the students avoid the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental	The women remember that the friends before the farmers know the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental	The women remember that the friends near the fathers watch the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental	The women remember that the mothers near the friends ignore the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental	The women remember that the sons behind the fathers greet the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental	The women say that the actors before the boys meet the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental	The women say that the actors before the sisters block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental	The women say that the brothers behind the actresses know the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental	The women say that the daughters near the girls observe the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The women say that the friends before the sisters observe the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental	The women say that the mothers behind the brothers interrupt the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental	The women say that the sisters beside the sons defend the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
