embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the brother blocks the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the brother watches the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the brother welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the farmer blocks the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the farmer ignores the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the farmer knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the sister defends the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the sister meets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the son welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the student knows the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the woman welcomes the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the boy avoids the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the farmer attracts the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the friend observes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the man greets the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the man knows the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the student meets the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the student observes the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the woman observes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the friend observes the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the friend observes the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the friend observes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the girl defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the mother defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the mother greets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the mother knows the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the sister stops the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the son greets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the son interrupts the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the student defends the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the woman interrupts the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the boy interrupts the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the brother knows the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the father interrupts the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the friend defends the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the friend meets the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the friend watches the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the son stops the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the student avoids the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the student meets the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the boy defends the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the brother avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the brother meets the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the farmer ignores the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the friend defends the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the friend knows the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the girl attracts the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the mother attracts the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the mother meets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the sister defends the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the son interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the daughter welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the farmer attracts the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the farmer observes the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the farmer stops the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the man blocks the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the man knows the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the son attracts the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the actor watches the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the daughter blocks the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the farmer meets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the farmer observes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the friend blocks the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the man knows the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the sister defends the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the son defends the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the student blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the woman blocks the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the father knows the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the man interrupts the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the son knows the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the son stops the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the student defends the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the woman knows the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the actor defends the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the actor stops the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the actor welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the actress blocks the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the farmer greets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the father interrupts the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the friend avoids the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the man ignores the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the sister interrupts the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the son attracts the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the son stops the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the student attracts the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the student defends the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the student interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the student knows the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the student meets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the student welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the student welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the student welcomes the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the daughter ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the daughter interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the daughter welcomes the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the friend blocks the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the man avoids the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the actress avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmer interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmer observes the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmer observes the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmer watches the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the man greets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the son ignores the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the woman greets the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the boy blocks the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the friend interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the mother greets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the woman meets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the farmer greets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the friend avoids the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the girl greets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the man blocks the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the mother blocks the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the mother observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the mother observes the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the sister watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the student welcomes the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the boy greets the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the brother avoids the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the farmer avoids the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the farmer interrupts the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the friend blocks the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the friend meets the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the man ignores the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the man stops the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the sister knows the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the sister meets the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the student attracts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the student avoids the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the actor blocks the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the farmer blocks the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the farmer defends the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the farmer interrupts the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the farmer meets the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the friend greets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the girl attracts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the mother blocks the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actor blocks the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actress interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actress knows the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the boy blocks the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the boy defends the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the boy observes the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the daughter watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the father greets the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friend knows the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friend knows the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friend watches the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the mother blocks the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the mother interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the mother observes the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the mother stops the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the woman defends the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the actor observes the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the actress knows the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the daughter defends the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the daughter ignores the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the daughter interrupts the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the father ignores the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the father meets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friend attracts the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friend blocks the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friend stops the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friend stops the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friend watches the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the girl defends the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the man blocks the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the man blocks the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the man observes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the sister attracts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the student avoids the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the student greets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the woman avoids the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the woman greets the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actor greets the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actor ignores the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actor knows the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actor welcomes the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actress ignores the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actress stops the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the boy blocks the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the boy blocks the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the brother greets the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the brother welcomes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the daughter greets the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the father ignores the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the friend defends the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the friend stops the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the friend stops the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the girl defends the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the mother ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the mother observes the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the student attracts the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the student avoids the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the student ignores the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the student ignores the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the student meets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the student stops the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the student stops the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the woman meets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the actor ignores the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the actress interrupts the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the daughter blocks the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the man ignores the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the sister blocks the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the son avoids the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the student watches the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the brother observes the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the brother watches the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the friend greets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the man blocks the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the man blocks the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the sister avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the sister observes the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the son ignores the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the son knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the student knows the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the woman blocks the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the boy greets the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the boy knows the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the brother attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the farmer meets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the farmer stops the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the girl meets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the man observes the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the sister defends the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the sister ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the son knows the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the student defends the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the student welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the actor observes the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the actress blocks the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the boy defends the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the boy ignores the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the farmer blocks the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the man avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the man welcomes the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the sister blocks the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the sister interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the sister stops the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the son blocks the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the student greets the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the student interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the woman ignores the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the actor knows the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the actress greets the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the actress watches the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the daughter avoids the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the farmer ignores the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the farmer interrupts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the father meets the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the girl greets the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sister avoids the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the student ignores the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the student knows the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the student meets the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the student observes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the student stops the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the student watches the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the woman knows the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the woman observes the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the woman watches the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the actor stops the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the actor stops the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the actress knows the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the boy attracts the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the daughter interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the daughter stops the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the farmer meets the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the father interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the girl attracts the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the man observes the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the sister observes the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the son meets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the son meets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the student knows the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the woman attracts the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the woman avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the woman greets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the woman interrupts the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the farmer greets the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the father meets the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the father stops the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the friend defends the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the student meets the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the farmer observes the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the father greets the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the friend observes the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the mother knows the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the student meets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the woman attracts the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the woman avoids the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the woman meets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the brother defends the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the daughter interrupts the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the daughter knows the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the daughter meets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the farmer ignores the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the father avoids the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the friend greets the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the friend observes the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the mother attracts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the mother stops the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the son observes the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the student stops the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the woman welcomes the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the actress stops the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the boy defends the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the brother meets the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the daughter blocks the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the daughter ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the farmer defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the farmer knows the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the father defends the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the friend knows the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the friend stops the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the mother welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the sister watches the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the student stops the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the actress defends the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the brother greets the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the farmer ignores the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the farmer watches the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the father watches the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the friend ignores the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the girl blocks the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the sister observes the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the son greets the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the son knows the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the student greets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the actress interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the boy interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the daughter ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the farmer greets the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the friend avoids the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the friend defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the mother attracts the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the mother greets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the farmer blocks the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the friend greets the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the friend welcomes the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the girl avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the man avoids the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the man watches the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the woman watches the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the actress avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the daughter knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the farmer watches the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friend defends the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the man ignores the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the sister stops the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the student meets the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the actress ignores the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the boy interrupts the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the brother avoids the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the daughter observes the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the farmer stops the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the friend observes the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the girl interrupts the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the sister blocks the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the son observes the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the student greets the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the student interrupts the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the student observes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the student observes the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the actor observes the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the actor welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the friend watches the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the man ignores the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the man interrupts the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the mother blocks the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the mother interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the student stops the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the farmer attracts the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the farmer interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the father knows the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the friend ignores the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the man observes the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the student knows the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the student watches the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the student watches the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the actor avoids the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the boy defends the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the daughter knows the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the friend welcomes the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the man defends the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the student welcomes the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the boy avoids the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the boy knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the boy watches the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the brother greets the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the brother welcomes the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the farmer interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the father observes the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the friend knows the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the friend knows the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the girl greets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the girl interrupts the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the girl meets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the student greets the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the student ignores the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the student interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the student welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the woman observes the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the brother knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the father attracts the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the friend watches the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the girl defends the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the girl observes the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the woman blocks the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the woman blocks the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the woman knows the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the actress greets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the boy knows the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the farmer avoids the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the farmer defends the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the father interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the father interrupts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the friend meets the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the friend stops the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the man blocks the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the man meets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the mother welcomes the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the sister defends the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the actor observes the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the boy avoids the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the boy observes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the boy watches the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the farmer interrupts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the farmer meets the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the farmer stops the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the father observes the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the friend blocks the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the friend greets the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the friend observes the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the man meets the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the mother avoids the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the mother interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the son knows the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the woman welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actor avoids the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the brother blocks the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the brother ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the daughter attracts the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the farmer knows the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the farmer stops the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the father avoids the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the friend interrupts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the friend interrupts the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the friend observes the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the friend watches the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the girl meets the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the man avoids the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the man ignores the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the mother greets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the sister meets the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the sister observes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the son interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the actor stops the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the daughter attracts the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmer blocks the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmer blocks the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmer ignores the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the father defends the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the father greets the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the friend defends the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the mother ignores the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the sister greets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the sister meets the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the woman knows the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the boy watches the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the brother defends the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the brother meets the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the brother observes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the brother stops the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the daughter ignores the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the father stops the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the friend avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the friend blocks the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the girl blocks the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the girl meets the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the mother greets the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the son welcomes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the student avoids the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the student blocks the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the boy meets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the farmer stops the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the girl observes the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the son watches the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the student attracts the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the boy blocks the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the brother greets the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the friend ignores the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the friend interrupts the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the son knows the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the son stops the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the boy defends the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the brother ignores the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the brother welcomes the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the farmer meets the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the friend knows the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the friend observes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the girl greets the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the girl greets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the mother knows the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the sister interrupts the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the sister stops the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the student knows the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the brother knows the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the daughter avoids the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the daughter interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the daughter watches the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the farmer avoids the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the farmer blocks the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the father attracts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the father stops the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the friend blocks the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the friend knows the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the mother observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the son greets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the boy blocks the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the daughter meets the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the farmer defends the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the farmer welcomes the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the friend defends the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the friend ignores the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the student attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the daughter greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the farmer greets the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the farmer ignores the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the farmer observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the girl defends the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the man avoids the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the man watches the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the mother welcomes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the sister observes the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the son blocks the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the student meets the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the brother watches the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the farmer knows the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the farmer observes the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the friend stops the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the man observes the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the sister blocks the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the student attracts the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the woman observes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the boy greets the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the boy stops the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the brother attracts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the daughter defends the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the daughter interrupts the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the friend meets the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the girl greets the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the man blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the sister defends the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the son interrupts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the woman defends the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the actress meets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the actress meets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the brother greets the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the brother stops the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the farmer welcomes the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the father defends the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the friend observes the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the man ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the mother stops the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the student defends the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the student greets the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the student watches the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the actor ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the brother interrupts the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the daughter blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the friend attracts the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the sister knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the son knows the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the farmer greets the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the friend avoids the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the sister defends the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the son avoids the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the son interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the actress attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the daughter watches the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmer attracts the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmer defends the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the father meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the friend knows the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the man stops the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the mother meets the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the mother stops the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the student interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the student observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the student watches the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the boy knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the farmer avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the farmer blocks the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the farmer meets the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the friend interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the girl interrupts the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the man greets the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the mother interrupts the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the son greets the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the son greets the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the woman meets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the actor observes the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the actor welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the actor welcomes the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the actress knows the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the friend interrupts the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the friend knows the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the girl meets the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the student avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the student welcomes the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the woman meets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the woman watches the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the actor defends the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the farmer meets the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the father blocks the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the friend attracts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the girl observes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the mother ignores the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the sister meets the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the student ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the woman meets the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the actor meets the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the boy blocks the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the brother avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the brother interrupts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the farmer meets the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the father meets the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the father meets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the friend avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the friend defends the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the student blocks the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the student observes the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the woman stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actress avoids the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actress interrupts the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actress observes the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actress stops the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the boy ignores the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the daughter blocks the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the daughter interrupts the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the father avoids the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the father blocks the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the father greets the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the father interrupts the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friend greets the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the girl ignores the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the man interrupts the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the man observes the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the man watches the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the man welcomes the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the mother avoids the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the sister ignores the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the sister knows the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the son ignores the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the son ignores the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the student blocks the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the student defends the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the student defends the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the student interrupts the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the student meets the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the student meets the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the student stops the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the student watches the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the student welcomes the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the woman greets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the actor blocks the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the actress greets the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the actress ignores the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the boy observes the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the boy stops the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the boy stops the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the daughter avoids the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the daughter stops the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the father ignores the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friend attracts the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friend knows the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friend knows the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the man greets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the man meets the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the mother avoids the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the mother defends the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the sister greets the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the sister interrupts the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the son interrupts the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the son interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the student avoids the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the student interrupts the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the student watches the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the woman defends the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the woman greets the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the woman interrupts the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the woman observes the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the woman stops the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actor knows the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actress greets the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actress meets the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the boy observes the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the brother greets the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the daughter knows the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the daughter stops the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the father attracts the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the father attracts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the father greets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the friend interrupts the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the friend stops the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the girl avoids the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the girl interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the girl stops the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the girl stops the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the man defends the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the man ignores the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the man interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the sister ignores the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the son attracts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the woman defends the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the actor interrupts the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the boy observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friend avoids the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friend blocks the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friend blocks the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friend meets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the man greets the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the student meets the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the student watches the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the woman avoids the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the woman knows the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the farmer attracts the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the farmer interrupts the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the friend blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the friend greets the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the girl watches the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the man attracts the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the sister knows the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the sister stops the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the student blocks the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the woman avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the woman stops the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the boy blocks the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the daughter avoids the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the farmer attracts the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the student greets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the actor greets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the actress observes the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the boy watches the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the brother defends the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the farmer avoids the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the father blocks the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the girl defends the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the girl ignores the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the girl knows the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the mother interrupts the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the mother watches the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the sister greets the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the student knows the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the woman ignores the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the boy meets the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the daughter avoids the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the farmer blocks the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the farmer knows the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the father interrupts the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the man watches the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the mother attracts the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the mother blocks the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the mother blocks the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the son attracts the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the son interrupts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the son watches the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the student blocks the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the student meets the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the actor greets the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the boy defends the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the boy meets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the brother attracts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the brother welcomes the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the daughter attracts the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the daughter greets the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the daughter observes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the farmer blocks the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the farmer meets the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the farmer stops the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the farmer welcomes the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the girl defends the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the girl interrupts the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the girl meets the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the man attracts the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the man greets the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the man interrupts the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the mother greets the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the sister observes the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the sister observes the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the son ignores the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the son observes the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the student blocks the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the student defends the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the student stops the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the woman meets the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the brother defends the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the brother greets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the farmer blocks the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the farmer observes the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the mother greets the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the mother greets the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the son stops the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the student ignores the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the student knows the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the actor knows the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the daughter knows the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the father stops the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the friend observes the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the actor meets the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the father meets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the mother observes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the student blocks the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the student meets the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the boy avoids the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the boy knows the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the brother greets the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the brother ignores the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the brother welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the farmer knows the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the friend greets the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the friend interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the girl defends the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the girl watches the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the mother meets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the mother watches the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the student avoids the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the student ignores the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the student welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the actor knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the actress defends the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the actress knows the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the boy watches the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the brother observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the daughter knows the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the farmer observes the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the friend ignores the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the friend watches the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the girl observes the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the mother knows the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the boy stops the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the brother knows the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the brother observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the daughter interrupts the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the farmer attracts the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the farmer avoids the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the friend ignores the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the friend knows the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the friend knows the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the girl welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the son stops the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the student knows the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the daughter ignores the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the friend blocks the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the friend meets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the man meets the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the son defends the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the son watches the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friend greets the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friend observes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friend observes the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friend watches the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the man greets the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the sister meets the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the student interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the woman blocks the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the actor observes the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the actress defends the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the actress stops the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the boy avoids the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the brother defends the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the farmer welcomes the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the sister welcomes the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the student knows the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the actress ignores the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the farmer ignores the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the farmer meets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the farmer stops the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the father defends the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the friend welcomes the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the girl blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the girl stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the man blocks the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the man knows the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the son welcomes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the student defends the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the student stops the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the woman defends the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the boy knows the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the boy knows the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the boy watches the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the daughter attracts the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the daughter blocks the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the daughter greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the daughter ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the daughter watches the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the father blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the father ignores the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the girl avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the man attracts the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the student ignores the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the boy avoids the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the farmer greets the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the father attracts the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the friend attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the girl defends the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the man blocks the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the farmer interrupts the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the father meets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the father watches the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the girl interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the man defends the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the man knows the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the sister defends the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the woman observes the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the boy interrupts the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the father attracts the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the friend observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the mother defends the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the mother ignores the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the mother stops the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the mother watches the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the student observes the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the woman defends the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the woman greets the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the woman stops the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the actor greets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the boy defends the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the boy stops the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the brother interrupts the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the brother interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the farmer attracts the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the farmer greets the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the father blocks the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the girl stops the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the sister observes the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the student knows the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the student knows the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the actor knows the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the actress defends the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the boy defends the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the brother defends the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the daughter interrupts the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the farmer avoids the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the farmer blocks the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the father interrupts the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the father interrupts the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the father knows the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the friend ignores the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the friend meets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the friend stops the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the man defends the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the man meets the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the man observes the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the sister observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the sister watches the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the son avoids the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the woman defends the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actress attracts the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actress interrupts the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actress knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actress watches the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the boy ignores the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the boy meets the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the boy watches the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the brother interrupts the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the farmer meets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the farmer observes the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the friend avoids the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the friend meets the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the friend meets the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the girl meets the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the man defends the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the man greets the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the man observes the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the sister observes the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the sister stops the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the son meets the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the woman blocks the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the actress knows the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the boy attracts the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the brother defends the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmer blocks the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmer greets the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the friend defends the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the friend greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the friend stops the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the girl defends the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the girl defends the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the girl observes the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the man blocks the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the man greets the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the man welcomes the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the sister greets the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the son avoids the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the woman welcomes the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the actress stops the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the brother greets the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the girl defends the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the student avoids the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the actor attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the boy attracts the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the brother greets the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the farmer ignores the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the farmer watches the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the father avoids the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the friend stops the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the girl avoids the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the mother stops the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the son watches the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the actor knows the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the actress meets the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the boy ignores the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the boy meets the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the farmer blocks the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the farmer blocks the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the farmer blocks the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the friend defends the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the sister defends the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the student blocks the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the boys ignore the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the farmers ignore the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the fathers block the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the fathers watch the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the friends interrupt the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the girls stop the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the girls welcome the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the boys know the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the boys observe the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the farmers defend the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the men avoid the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the mothers ignore the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the sons greet the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the students stop the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the boys attract the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the friends ignore the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the friends welcome the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the girls defend the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the men avoid the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the mothers know the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the sisters attract the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the sons interrupt the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the women interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the boys avoid the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the boys defend the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the boys interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the brothers interrupt the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the brothers stop the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the daughters know the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the daughters observe the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the farmers meet the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the farmers watch the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the fathers avoid the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the fathers stop the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the friends observe the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the mothers meet the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the mothers meet the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the sons block the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the sons watch the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the students defend the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the students defend the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the brothers ignore the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the daughters avoid the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the daughters avoid the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the daughters greet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the daughters interrupt the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the girls block the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the girls interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the men meet the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the sisters know the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the sisters observe the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the sisters stop the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the students defend the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the students watch the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the boys meet the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the farmers attract the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the farmers stop the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the fathers meet the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the girls attract the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the girls meet the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the mothers defend the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the mothers welcome the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the sisters observe the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the actors block the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the brothers block the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the brothers watch the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the farmers avoid the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the farmers interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the farmers stop the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the sons observe the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the students know the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the students welcome the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the daughters defend the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the farmers stop the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the mothers attract the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the women defend the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the women stop the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the actors ignore the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the daughters stop the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the friends know the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the mothers defend the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the mothers observe the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the women defend the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the actresses defend the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the boys avoid the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the boys interrupt the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the farmers greet the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the farmers ignore the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the farmers welcome the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the mothers greet the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the sons meet the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the students greet the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the students greet the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the students interrupt the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the students watch the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the actors meet the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the actresses defend the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the actresses observe the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the friends ignore the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the friends observe the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the friends stop the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the girls ignore the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the men meet the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the men watch the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the sons block the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the sons stop the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the students watch the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the women ignore the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the actors defend the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the boys observe the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the farmers greet the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the fathers meet the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the friends attract the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the sons observe the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the students defend the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the actors block the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the actors defend the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the actresses avoid the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the actresses observe the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the boys watch the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the brothers meet the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the brothers watch the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the girls block the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the girls know the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the men block the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the men know the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the students know the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the students observe the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the actors block the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the boys stop the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the farmers observe the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the farmers watch the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the friends defend the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the men greet the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the sisters observe the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the students attract the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the students avoid the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the students meet the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the brothers greet the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the brothers know the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the brothers stop the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the farmers avoid the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the friends block the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the friends know the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the girls defend the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the men ignore the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the students avoid the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the women welcome the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actors defend the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the boys avoid the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the boys block the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the brothers block the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the brothers ignore the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the brothers watch the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the fathers block the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the fathers know the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friends avoid the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friends stop the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the girls avoid the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the men defend the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the mothers observe the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the sisters interrupt the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the students avoid the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the students greet the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the women greet the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the actors know the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the brothers ignore the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the fathers avoid the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends defend the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends greet the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends meet the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends watch the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the men attract the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the men defend the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the men observe the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the men watch the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the sisters attract the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the sisters avoid the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the sisters greet the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the sons greet the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the students meet the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the women know the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actors block the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actors meet the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actresses attract the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actresses block the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actresses block the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actresses ignore the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actresses know the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the boys ignore the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the brothers interrupt the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the daughters interrupt the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the daughters know the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the friends meet the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the girls block the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the girls defend the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the girls observe the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the men meet the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the mothers attract the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the mothers block the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the mothers know the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the mothers stop the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the sisters welcome the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the sons observe the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the students know the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the students welcome the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the women block the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the women meet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the brothers watch the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the daughters welcome the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friends block the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the girls interrupt the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the men greet the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the men ignore the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the sons greet the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the students block the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the students ignore the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the students ignore the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the women greet the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the women ignore the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the actors defend the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the actresses interrupt the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the daughters block the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the farmers attract the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the farmers meet the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the farmers meet the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the friends greet the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the men greet the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the sons greet the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the students greet the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the students interrupt the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the women defend the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the women greet the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the actresses know the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the actresses meet the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the farmers defend the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the farmers stop the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the friends meet the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the girls ignore the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the girls stop the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the boys block the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the brothers avoid the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the daughters greet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the daughters interrupt the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the daughters know the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the farmers know the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the farmers observe the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the farmers observe the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the fathers block the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the fathers greet the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the fathers meet the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the girls ignore the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the mothers defend the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the mothers welcome the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the sisters block the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the sisters meet the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the students watch the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the women meet the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the actors greet the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the actresses avoid the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the actresses greet the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the actresses know the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the actresses observe the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the boys ignore the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the boys ignore the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the boys interrupt the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the farmers attract the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the men know the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the men stop the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the mothers greet the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sisters greet the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sisters interrupt the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sons attract the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sons meet the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sons observe the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the students attract the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the students greet the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the women interrupt the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the women know the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the brothers block the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the brothers interrupt the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the daughters defend the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the daughters meet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the farmers greet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the farmers ignore the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the mothers defend the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the mothers interrupt the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the sisters ignore the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the students attract the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the students avoid the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the students avoid the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the women attract the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the women defend the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the women know the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the brothers watch the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the farmers defend the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the farmers stop the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the fathers observe the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the friends greet the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the men stop the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the sisters interrupt the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the sisters stop the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the students watch the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the actresses watch the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the brothers attract the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the daughters greet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the farmers observe the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the fathers avoid the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the fathers know the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the friends interrupt the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the sisters block the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the sisters observe the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the students avoid the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the students greet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the actresses greet the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the brothers greet the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the farmers stop the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the friends defend the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the sisters know the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the students know the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the students meet the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the students stop the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the actors know the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the actors stop the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the farmers observe the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the fathers defend the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the friends meet the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the sisters block the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the sisters know the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the sons interrupt the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the students avoid the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the students block the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the students ignore the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the students observe the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the students watch the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the actors greet the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the actresses defend the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the farmers defend the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the friends stop the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the mothers defend the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the mothers meet the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the mothers watch the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the sisters block the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the sons defend the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the sons watch the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the students avoid the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the students defend the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the actors attract the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the boys interrupt the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the boys welcome the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the daughters meet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the farmers observe the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the friends meet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the girls stop the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the mothers block the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the sons observe the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the sons welcome the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the students avoid the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the actors block the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the actresses greet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the brothers stop the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the daughters greet the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the friends observe the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the men block the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the men ignore the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the students greet the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the students know the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the women interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the women know the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the actors interrupt the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the farmers meet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friends stop the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friends watch the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the men interrupt the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the men meet the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the men observe the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the sisters meet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the students attract the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the farmers observe the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the friends know the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the men defend the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the farmers defend the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the friends avoid the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the girls defend the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the sons block the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the students welcome the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the women watch the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the actors avoid the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the actresses attract the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the boys stop the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the daughters watch the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the farmers know the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the fathers observe the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the friends interrupt the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the men interrupt the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the mothers meet the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the mothers watch the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the sons know the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the students defend the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the women greet the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the farmers greet the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the fathers interrupt the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the friends block the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the friends defend the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the friends know the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the friends meet the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the friends stop the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the mothers stop the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the fathers watch the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the friends block the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the friends interrupt the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the girls block the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the girls ignore the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the sisters stop the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the students ignore the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the actors know the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the actresses avoid the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the actresses defend the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the boys know the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the brothers interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the farmers watch the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the fathers watch the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the friends interrupt the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the girls interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the men know the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the students ignore the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the actresses greet the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the actresses stop the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the friends welcome the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the men greet the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the students greet the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the actors defend the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the actors meet the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the actresses block the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the actresses ignore the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the daughters avoid the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the daughters block the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the farmers interrupt the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the fathers greet the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the friends avoid the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the men ignore the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the men meet the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the men watch the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the mothers interrupt the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the mothers stop the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the mothers stop the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the sisters avoid the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the sisters know the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the sons know the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the women defend the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actors block the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the boys know the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the boys meet the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the brothers meet the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the daughters attract the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the farmers attract the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the farmers stop the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the fathers know the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the fathers know the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the friends ignore the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the girls defend the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the girls defend the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the girls ignore the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the men ignore the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the mothers attract the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the sisters avoid the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the sons avoid the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the women know the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the actors avoid the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the actors welcome the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the boys block the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the boys know the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the brothers welcome the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmers ignore the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the fathers block the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the friends ignore the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the men stop the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the men stop the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the mothers stop the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the sisters defend the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the sisters greet the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the sons observe the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the women block the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the actresses block the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the boys defend the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the boys observe the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the brothers know the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the daughters interrupt the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the daughters know the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the fathers block the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the fathers watch the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the friends observe the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the girls interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the sons interrupt the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the students ignore the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the students stop the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the students welcome the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the actresses avoid the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the boys attract the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the brothers know the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the daughters defend the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the friends observe the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the friends watch the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the sisters know the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the sons meet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the actors welcome the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the actors welcome the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the boys meet the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the fathers know the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the friends block the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the brothers avoid the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the brothers know the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the farmers meet the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the farmers observe the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the farmers stop the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the friends defend the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the friends observe the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the girls block the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the mothers defend the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the sisters interrupt the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the sons meet the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the students greet the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the women defend the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actor declares that the women greet the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the boys watch the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the daughters watch the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the farmers block the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the farmers know the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the farmers meet the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the friends ignore the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the sons interrupt the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the students block the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the students know the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actor remembers that the women greet the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the farmers avoid the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the farmers interrupt the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the fathers defend the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the fathers ignore the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the fathers observe the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the girls interrupt the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the men block the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the sons attract the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the students defend the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the students stop the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the students stop the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actor says that the women welcome the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the fathers watch the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the friends greet the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the friends stop the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the friends watch the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the friends watch the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the girls avoid the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the mothers stop the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the students ignore the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the students watch the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actress declares that the women stop the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the boys stop the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the daughters know the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the fathers stop the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the friends avoid the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the friends defend the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the friends observe the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the men block the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the mothers block the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the sisters watch the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the women defend the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the women interrupt the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actress remembers that the women observe the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the boys block the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the farmers block the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the farmers block the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the farmers stop the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the farmers welcome the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the fathers meet the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actress says that the students meet the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the brothers welcome the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the daughters watch the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the farmers watch the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the men defend the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the sons defend the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the sons stop the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boy declares that the students stop the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the brothers attract the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the daughters meet the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the daughters stop the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the friends avoid the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The boy remembers that the mothers greet the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the actors greet the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the brothers greet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the farmers interrupt the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the fathers greet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the fathers stop the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the mothers block the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the sisters know the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the sons attract the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The boy says that the women interrupt the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the actresses stop the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the daughters avoid the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the daughters stop the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the farmers block the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the farmers watch the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the fathers know the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the fathers welcome the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the men stop the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the mothers welcome the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The brother declares that the students greet the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the actors ignore the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the actors know the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the actresses watch the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the boys avoid the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmers avoid the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmers avoid the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmers ignore the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the farmers watch the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The brother remembers that the fathers watch the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the actors greet the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the actresses greet the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the boys defend the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the farmers observe the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the farmers observe the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the girls defend the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the girls defend the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the mothers interrupt the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the students avoid the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The brother says that the women interrupt the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the actors observe the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the farmers ignore the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the farmers watch the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the friends block the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter declares that the mothers avoid the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the actresses attract the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the farmers stop the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the fathers interrupt the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the friends know the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the men attract the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the sisters attract the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the students stop the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter remembers that the women interrupt the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the actors greet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the boys stop the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the fathers meet the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the friends attract the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the friends avoid the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the friends stop the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the mothers observe the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughter says that the women attract the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actors meet the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actresses defend the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the actresses meet the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the brothers block the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the brothers interrupt the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the fathers block the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friends block the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friends defend the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friends greet the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friends greet the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the friends stop the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the girls ignore the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the men meet the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the mothers interrupt the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the sisters watch the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the sons welcome the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the students defend the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer declares that the students know the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the actors ignore the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the actors interrupt the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the actresses avoid the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the brothers block the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the daughters avoid the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends block the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends block the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends interrupt the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends know the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends meet the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends observe the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the friends stop the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the girls block the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the girls watch the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the mothers defend the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer remembers that the sons defend the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the actors attract the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the boys avoid the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the fathers avoid the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the friends greet the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the friends ignore the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the friends know the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the men ignore the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the men ignore the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the mothers defend the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the mothers observe the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the sisters greet the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the sisters welcome the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the sons defend the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the sons interrupt the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the students attract the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the students know the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the women avoid the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmer says that the women stop the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the actors meet the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the daughters observe the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the farmers interrupt the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the farmers meet the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friends defend the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friends ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friends interrupt the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friends know the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friends observe the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the friends watch the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the men interrupt the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the men interrupt the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the sisters observe the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the sons ignore the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the sons stop the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the students welcome the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The father declares that the women interrupt the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the actresses meet the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the farmers know the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the friends avoid the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the friends defend the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the friends observe the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the sisters know the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the sons defend the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The father remembers that the women avoid the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the actors welcome the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the boys ignore the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the brothers defend the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the brothers greet the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the farmers attract the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the friends ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the friends observe the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the men welcome the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the sisters block the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the sons interrupt the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the students defend the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The father says that the women interrupt the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the actresses defend the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the boys avoid the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the boys welcome the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the brothers stop the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the daughters meet the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the farmers welcome the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the fathers defend the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the girls interrupt the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the sisters block the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the students interrupt the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the students watch the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The friend declares that the women stop the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the actors ignore the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the brothers attract the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the brothers block the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the brothers greet the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the daughters greet the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the daughters interrupt the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the farmers block the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the farmers ignore the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the fathers attract the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the fathers know the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the girls watch the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the men attract the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the men interrupt the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the mothers stop the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sisters block the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sisters meet the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sons greet the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sons interrupt the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the sons know the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the students attract the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the students know the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the students meet the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the students observe the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the students observe the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the students watch the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the women block the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the women interrupt the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the women observe the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend remembers that the women stop the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the actors ignore the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the actors meet the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the actors observe the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the actresses know the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the actresses observe the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the boys stop the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the brothers greet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the brothers welcome the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the brothers welcome the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the daughters defend the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the farmers block the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the girls ignore the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the men interrupt the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the mothers know the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the mothers meet the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the sisters know the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the sons avoid the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the sons avoid the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the sons stop the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the students observe the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the women interrupt the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friend says that the women observe the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the actors avoid the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the daughters block the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the daughters know the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the farmers watch the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the fathers know the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the friends greet the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the friends observe the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the sisters ignore the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the sons know the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girl declares that the students block the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the friends defend the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the friends interrupt the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the friends know the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the sisters interrupt the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the sisters know the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the sisters stop the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the sons attract the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the sons avoid the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the students block the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The girl remembers that the students defend the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the actresses attract the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the daughters attract the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the daughters avoid the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the farmers attract the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the farmers greet the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the farmers greet the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the fathers avoid the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the friends welcome the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the mothers welcome the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the sisters welcome the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the sons meet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The girl says that the students stop the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the actors avoid the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the actors welcome the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the daughters avoid the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the daughters stop the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the friends defend the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the friends greet the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the friends know the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the girls block the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the girls greet the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the mothers know the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the mothers observe the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the sisters block the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the students block the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The man declares that the students observe the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the boys meet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the friends meet the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the sisters avoid the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the sisters watch the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The man remembers that the students avoid the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the boys attract the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the boys know the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the daughters block the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the girls avoid the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the girls stop the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the mothers defend the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the mothers meet the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the students attract the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the students attract the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the students stop the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The man says that the students welcome the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the actors defend the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the boys interrupt the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the brothers avoid the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the brothers watch the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the daughters greet the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the daughters observe the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the farmers know the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the farmers welcome the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the friends defend the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the friends greet the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the friends welcome the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The mother declares that the sisters stop the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the actors ignore the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the actresses greet the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the boys attract the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the brothers attract the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the daughters greet the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the farmers avoid the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the farmers greet the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the farmers interrupt the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the farmers interrupt the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friends avoid the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friends know the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the friends observe the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the students greet the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the women avoid the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The mother remembers that the women ignore the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the actors defend the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the actresses interrupt the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the actresses know the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the boys greet the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the brothers know the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the men meet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mother says that the women avoid the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the farmers block the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the fathers meet the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the fathers welcome the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the friends block the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the men meet the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the sons defend the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the sons interrupt the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sister declares that the women greet the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the actors meet the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the daughters stop the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the farmers avoid the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the farmers interrupt the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the friends defend the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the sons defend the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sister remembers that the sons greet the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the farmers know the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the farmers meet the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the farmers stop the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the friends block the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the girls avoid the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the girls block the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the men know the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sister says that the students know the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the brothers observe the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the brothers stop the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the farmers ignore the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the friends greet the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the girls defend the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the girls observe the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the men watch the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the sisters defend the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the sisters observe the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The son declares that the women ignore the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the actresses defend the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the actresses interrupt the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the boys stop the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the brothers interrupt the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the farmers greet the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the farmers meet the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the friends stop the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the friends watch the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the men avoid the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The son remembers that the students avoid the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the actresses welcome the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the boys observe the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the brothers attract the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the brothers interrupt the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the fathers greet the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the men interrupt the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the mothers know the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the students ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The son says that the students stop the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the actors know the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the actors observe the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the boys defend the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the boys welcome the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the brothers interrupt the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the daughters welcome the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the farmers ignore the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the farmers ignore the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the farmers observe the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the fathers defend the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the friends observe the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the girls stop the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the men avoid the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the mothers ignore the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the mothers know the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the mothers welcome the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the sisters block the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The student declares that the sisters ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actors avoid the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actresses attract the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actresses avoid the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the actresses greet the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the boys observe the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the daughters avoid the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the farmers greet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the farmers know the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the farmers watch the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the fathers greet the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the mothers defend the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the sisters ignore the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the sisters stop the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student remembers that the women greet the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the actors interrupt the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the actors meet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the actors welcome the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the boys stop the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the daughters block the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the daughters interrupt the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmers greet the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmers know the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmers meet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmers meet the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the farmers meet the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the fathers observe the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the friends ignore the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the men interrupt the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the sons observe the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The student says that the women attract the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the brothers ignore the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the brothers observe the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the daughters defend the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the farmers ignore the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the fathers block the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the fathers block the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the fathers stop the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the friends interrupt the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the friends watch the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the mothers know the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the mothers welcome the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman declares that the students know the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the boys interrupt the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the daughters avoid the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the daughters watch the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the fathers observe the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the mothers defend the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the mothers ignore the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the mothers know the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The woman remembers that the students meet the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the actors interrupt the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the actresses greet the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the daughters defend the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the daughters observe the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the farmers meet the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the girls attract the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the mothers observe the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the sisters avoid the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the sons ignore the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The woman says that the students defend the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the boy welcomes the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the brother watches the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the daughter meets the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the farmer avoids the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the friend avoids the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the friend welcomes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the friend welcomes the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the girl meets the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the mother knows the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the son greets the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the student defends the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the boy observes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the boy watches the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the farmer watches the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the friend defends the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the friend meets the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the girl greets the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the son ignores the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the student attracts the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the woman ignores the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the woman interrupts the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the brother defends the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the farmer knows the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the farmer welcomes the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the father avoids the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the friend defends the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the friend welcomes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the girl attracts the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the sister ignores the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the son attracts the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the son interrupts the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the woman attracts the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the friend knows the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the sister ignores the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the student avoids the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the student knows the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the girl greets the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the student ignores the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the woman attracts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the daughter defends the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the friend avoids the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the friend defends the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the friend knows the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the sister welcomes the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the student knows the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the actor blocks the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the actor watches the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the brother interrupts the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the daughter meets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the farmer knows the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the father welcomes the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the student watches the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the student watches the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the woman welcomes the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the actor attracts the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the actor interrupts the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the daughter avoids the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the daughter meets the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the farmer greets the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the farmer knows the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the father greets the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the friend avoids the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the friend knows the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the man stops the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the mother attracts the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the mother meets the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the student knows the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the woman stops the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the actress knows the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the daughter meets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the farmer defends the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the friend avoids the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the sister blocks the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the sister meets the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the son defends the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the student interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the actor blocks the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the father observes the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the girl greets the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the man knows the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the son blocks the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the woman interrupts the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the boy defends the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the boy greets the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the boy greets the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the boy interrupts the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the boy meets the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the daughter avoids the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the farmer ignores the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the girl blocks the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the girl meets the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the man blocks the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the mother greets the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the mother ignores the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the son attracts the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the actor attracts the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the boy observes the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the daughter observes the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the friend greets the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the friend knows the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the friend meets the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the man defends the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the mother observes the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the son attracts the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the student ignores the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the student welcomes the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the farmer defends the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the friend avoids the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the man greets the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the man meets the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the brother defends the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the brother ignores the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the farmer observes the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the farmer stops the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the friend attracts the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the friend avoids the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the friend observes the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the man attracts the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the man interrupts the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the man observes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the sister knows the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the student attracts the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the student blocks the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the student defends the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the student stops the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the actress interrupts the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the girl stops the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the man knows the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the mother observes the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the sister greets the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the sister ignores the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actor ignores the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actor knows the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actress observes the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the boy greets the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the father observes the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the friend knows the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the friend watches the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the girl defends the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the mother avoids the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the mother interrupts the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the sister defends the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the son blocks the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the son watches the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the son watches the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the son watches the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the student ignores the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the student watches the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the student watches the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the student welcomes the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the woman defends the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the woman ignores the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the actor knows the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the actor stops the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the actress knows the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brother knows the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brother stops the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brother stops the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brother stops the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the daughter knows the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the daughter observes the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the father knows the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the friend defends the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the girl ignores the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the mother avoids the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the mother meets the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the son interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the son knows the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the student stops the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the woman attracts the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the brother meets the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the daughter knows the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the father ignores the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the friend avoids the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the friend blocks the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the girl avoids the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the mother blocks the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the mother observes the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the sister ignores the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the sister interrupts the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the sister interrupts the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the son ignores the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the student attracts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the student welcomes the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the boy watches the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the daughter defends the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the farmer defends the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the friend welcomes the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the sister interrupts the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the student welcomes the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the woman watches the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the actor greets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the actor meets the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the actress interrupts the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the actress stops the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the daughter interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the farmer interrupts the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the farmer interrupts the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the farmer watches the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friend avoids the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friend defends the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friend observes the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the girl attracts the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the man avoids the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the sister stops the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the son attracts the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the student interrupts the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the student stops the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the boy attracts the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the boy meets the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the brother knows the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actor interrupts the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actor knows the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actor meets the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actress observes the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brother welcomes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the daughter ignores the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the daughter watches the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmer defends the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmer defends the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmer knows the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the man welcomes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the mother blocks the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the mother observes the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the mother stops the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the sister greets the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the son interrupts the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the student defends the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the student defends the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the student greets the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the woman ignores the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the woman meets the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the woman welcomes the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the actor observes the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the actress ignores the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the actress knows the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the boy greets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the brother avoids the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the daughter observes the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer attracts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer defends the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer knows the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer observes the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the father blocks the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the father observes the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the girl knows the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the girl stops the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the girl stops the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the man blocks the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the mother observes the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the mother observes the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sister avoids the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the son ignores the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the woman avoids the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the woman knows the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actor avoids the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actor ignores the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actor knows the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actress attracts the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the daughter interrupts the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the daughter observes the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the daughter observes the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the farmer interrupts the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the mother avoids the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the sister interrupts the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the student greets the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the student knows the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the woman blocks the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the actress blocks the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the farmer ignores the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the farmer interrupts the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the mother greets the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the mother observes the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the son avoids the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the son blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the student ignores the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the woman greets the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the brother observes the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the brother stops the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the daughter avoids the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the daughter observes the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the farmer knows the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the farmer watches the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the friend avoids the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the friend avoids the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the friend defends the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the friend ignores the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the man knows the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the mother avoids the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the mother defends the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the student stops the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the student stops the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the actor observes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the actress meets the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the farmer attracts the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the father avoids the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the friend greets the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the friend interrupts the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the man interrupts the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the mother defends the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the woman avoids the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the woman defends the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the woman greets the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the actress defends the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the brother defends the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the brother meets the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the father meets the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the girl blocks the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the girl greets the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the girl interrupts the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the son ignores the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the student meets the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the student observes the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the farmer interrupts the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the friend greets the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the girl greets the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the girl interrupts the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the mother avoids the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the mother watches the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the sister attracts the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the son knows the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the student observes the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the student watches the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the actor observes the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the actor welcomes the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the actress knows the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the brother stops the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the father welcomes the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the student avoids the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the student blocks the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the student greets the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the daughter meets the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the farmer avoids the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the friend ignores the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the sister observes the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the son defends the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the son observes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the student meets the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the boy blocks the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the boy observes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the brother defends the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the brother interrupts the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the farmer greets the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the farmer stops the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the friend blocks the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the friend observes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the sister meets the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the student attracts the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the student stops the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the boy avoids the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the boy observes the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the daughter observes the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the man attracts the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the sister avoids the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the son avoids the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the student defends the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the student stops the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the actor blocks the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the actress ignores the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the boy meets the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the daughter avoids the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the daughter interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the daughter welcomes the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the father blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the girl avoids the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the mother meets the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the son stops the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the actress knows the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the actress meets the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the boy greets the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the daughter greets the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the daughter ignores the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the farmer observes the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the friend blocks the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the friend ignores the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the mother greets the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the student ignores the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the student interrupts the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the student stops the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the woman defends the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the actor attracts the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the farmer avoids the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the father avoids the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the father interrupts the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friend attracts the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friend knows the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friend stops the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friend welcomes the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friend welcomes the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the son interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the son observes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the woman blocks the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the actor blocks the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the friend defends the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the friend interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the girl blocks the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the girl defends the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the mother knows the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the student observes the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the farmer avoids the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the farmer defends the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the sister watches the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the student interrupts the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the student knows the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the actress meets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the actress observes the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the farmer greets the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the farmer stops the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the man avoids the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the sister greets the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actor defends the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the boy stops the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the daughter defends the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmer avoids the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmer defends the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmer greets the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmer interrupts the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the father avoids the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friend welcomes the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the man ignores the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the mother watches the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the son ignores the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the woman greets the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the woman stops the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actor avoids the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actor observes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the boy defends the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the daughter blocks the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the daughter meets the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the daughter stops the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmer greets the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmer meets the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the father defends the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the father ignores the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the father stops the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend avoids the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend blocks the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend observes the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend watches the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend watches the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the girl stops the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the man interrupts the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the mother knows the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the mother watches the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sister avoids the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sister defends the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sister defends the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sister meets the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the woman defends the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actor attracts the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actor interrupts the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actor welcomes the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the boy interrupts the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the brother interrupts the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the daughter ignores the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the daughter knows the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the farmer attracts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the farmer blocks the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the father avoids the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the father greets the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friend knows the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friend stops the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the girl knows the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the girl knows the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the girl welcomes the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the mother defends the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the mother interrupts the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the sister defends the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the sister ignores the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the sister stops the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the farmer avoids the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the farmer knows the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the farmer meets the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the farmer stops the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the father ignores the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the friend interrupts the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the friend welcomes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the girl greets the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the sister blocks the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the son welcomes the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the actor meets the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the actress greets the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the boy interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmer interrupts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmer stops the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmer stops the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the friend attracts the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the mother blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the actor avoids the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the actor ignores the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the actress avoids the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the father attracts the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the friend blocks the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the friend defends the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the son greets the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the son ignores the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the boy avoids the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the boy defends the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the brother blocks the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the brother ignores the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the brother ignores the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the daughter meets the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the father avoids the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the friend ignores the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the friend meets the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the friend observes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the friend watches the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the girl defends the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the sister knows the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the son observes the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the brother meets the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the farmer ignores the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the farmer meets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the father defends the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the girl blocks the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the girl watches the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the man stops the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the sister avoids the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the sister avoids the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the student defends the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the woman blocks the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the woman observes the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the farmer blocks the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the farmer observes the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the girl avoids the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the student greets the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the woman avoids the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the woman interrupts the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the boy defends the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the father defends the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the father greets the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the friend defends the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the man welcomes the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the mother knows the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the sister ignores the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the son ignores the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the son welcomes the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the student welcomes the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the woman observes the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the boy avoids the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the boy knows the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the boy knows the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the brother defends the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the father stops the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the friend blocks the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the girl knows the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the man greets the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the sister interrupts the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the student avoids the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the student greets the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the boy defends the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the friend observes the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the mother interrupts the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the student blocks the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the student greets the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the student meets the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the woman stops the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the actor watches the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the brother avoids the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the farmer avoids the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the farmer watches the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the farmer welcomes the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the friend blocks the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the mother interrupts the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the mother watches the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the sister greets the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the sister welcomes the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the son ignores the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the student ignores the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the woman ignores the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the actor watches the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the farmer avoids the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the friend stops the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the son watches the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the son watches the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the student interrupts the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the woman observes the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the actor interrupts the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the daughter blocks the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the farmer knows the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the farmer observes the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the father observes the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the friend defends the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the man attracts the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the man avoids the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the man interrupts the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the sister attracts the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the sister meets the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the student meets the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the boy meets the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the boy stops the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the daughter observes the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the farmer ignores the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the farmer welcomes the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the friend stops the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the girl observes the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the man interrupts the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the daughter ignores the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the father attracts the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the student ignores the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the actor knows the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the girl ignores the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the man greets the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the student defends the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the student ignores the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the actress defends the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the actress knows the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the actress observes the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the brother observes the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the farmer watches the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the father observes the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the girl stops the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the man defends the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the man welcomes the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the sister defends the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the sister ignores the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the student meets the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the student observes the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the woman defends the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the actress greets the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the boy knows the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the brother attracts the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the farmer defends the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the father observes the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the father watches the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the friend attracts the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the friend avoids the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the friend observes the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the mother defends the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the mother meets the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the sister attracts the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the student ignores the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the student interrupts the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the woman watches the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the boy observes the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the brother defends the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the brother stops the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the father greets the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the friend greets the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the student meets the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actress stops the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actress stops the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actress stops the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actress watches the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the boy blocks the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the boy defends the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the father knows the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the friend blocks the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the friend blocks the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the friend knows the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the girl avoids the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the girl observes the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the man blocks the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the mother knows the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the mother welcomes the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the sister avoids the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the sister interrupts the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the son defends the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the son meets the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the student interrupts the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the student knows the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the student welcomes the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the woman blocks the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the actor blocks the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the boy blocks the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the boy stops the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brother interrupts the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the daughter attracts the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the daughter ignores the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the father meets the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the friend defends the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the friend greets the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the friend ignores the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the girl attracts the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the girl meets the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the mother attracts the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the sister blocks the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the sister interrupts the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the son interrupts the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the student avoids the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the student observes the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the woman ignores the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the actor attracts the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the actress ignores the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the actress meets the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the actress stops the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the boy avoids the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the boy greets the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the boy greets the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the boy meets the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the daughter meets the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the friend observes the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the friend stops the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the girl welcomes the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the man defends the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the mother blocks the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the mother ignores the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the mother interrupts the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the mother observes the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the sister observes the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the son knows the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the student ignores the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the woman observes the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the boy interrupts the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the boy meets the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the farmer watches the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the girl blocks the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the girl defends the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the actress observes the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the boy blocks the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the brother attracts the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the brother greets the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the daughter observes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the farmer avoids the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friend meets the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the man attracts the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the son ignores the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the student interrupts the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the actress meets the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the daughter attracts the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the farmer blocks the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the farmer blocks the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the farmer knows the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the man defends the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the son meets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actor defends the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actress welcomes the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the boy watches the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brother interrupts the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brother observes the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brother stops the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brother stops the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brother watches the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmer stops the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the girl blocks the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the girl defends the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the girl interrupts the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the mother stops the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the sister greets the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the sister observes the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the son greets the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the son watches the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the son watches the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the student defends the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the student defends the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the student welcomes the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the actor interrupts the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the actor stops the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the boy observes the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the brother meets the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the daughter avoids the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the daughter defends the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer avoids the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer blocks the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer greets the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer meets the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer observes the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmer stops the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the girl ignores the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the man interrupts the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sister interrupts the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the son avoids the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the student blocks the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the student interrupts the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the woman defends the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the woman watches the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actor attracts the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actor avoids the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actor observes the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actor stops the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actress attracts the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actress defends the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the boy observes the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the brother avoids the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the farmer greets the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the farmer welcomes the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the father avoids the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the father ignores the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the father knows the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the girl knows the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the man avoids the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the man knows the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the man welcomes the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the sister blocks the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the son attracts the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the son defends the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the son ignores the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the son meets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the woman greets the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the woman ignores the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the actor blocks the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the actor knows the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the actress meets the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the daughter defends the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the farmer stops the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the friend blocks the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the sister defends the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the student knows the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the actor knows the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the actor watches the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the daughter attracts the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the friend defends the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the friend interrupts the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the friend knows the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the friend stops the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the man ignores the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the student knows the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the actor attracts the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the actor greets the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the actor interrupts the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the brother avoids the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the daughter ignores the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the farmer ignores the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the friend attracts the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the friend attracts the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the friend interrupts the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the mother avoids the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the mother ignores the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the son observes the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the son welcomes the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the student interrupts the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the student observes the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the actor meets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the actress ignores the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the brother blocks the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the farmer watches the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the friend interrupts the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the actor blocks the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the actor stops the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the actor stops the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the farmer knows the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the farmer watches the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the friend attracts the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the sister attracts the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the student avoids the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the student watches the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the actor attracts the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the actress welcomes the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the boy observes the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the daughter attracts the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the daughter stops the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the farmer meets the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the farmer observes the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the farmer stops the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the father avoids the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the father greets the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the girl ignores the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the sister blocks the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the student meets the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the student observes the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the student stops the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the student stops the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the student welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the actor greets the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the boy defends the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the brother avoids the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the brother avoids the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the brother defends the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the brother knows the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the friend meets the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the friend stops the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the girl defends the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the man interrupts the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the sister meets the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the sister observes the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the sister welcomes the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the son defends the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the woman watches the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the actor observes the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the boy blocks the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the daughter watches the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the farmer watches the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the friend stops the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the girl stops the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the sister defends the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the son avoids the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the student greets the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the actor observes the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the actress observes the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the boy knows the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the daughter greets the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the farmer interrupts the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the friend attracts the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the boy meets the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the girl interrupts the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the man meets the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the son stops the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the student ignores the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the farmer defends the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the friend blocks the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the girl observes the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the girl stops the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the actor attracts the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the actor greets the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the actress greets the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the farmer ignores the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the farmer interrupts the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the girl stops the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the mother avoids the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the mother ignores the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the student defends the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the actor watches the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the brother welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the father welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the friend watches the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the sister ignores the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the student knows the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the student observes the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the woman blocks the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the woman interrupts the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the woman knows the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the actress watches the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the brother observes the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the brother stops the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the farmer greets the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the farmer interrupts the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the farmer watches the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the friend ignores the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the friend knows the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the friend stops the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the girl greets the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the man attracts the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the man knows the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the man meets the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the sister attracts the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the sister blocks the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the sister knows the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the student interrupts the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the student meets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the woman interrupts the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the woman stops the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the farmer interrupts the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the friend interrupts the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the man blocks the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the man stops the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the sister defends the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the sister defends the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the sister ignores the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the student avoids the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actress greets the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actress stops the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the boy ignores the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the boy stops the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the brother ignores the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the daughter avoids the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the daughter blocks the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the daughter greets the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmer observes the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmer observes the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmer welcomes the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmer welcomes the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friend interrupts the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friend welcomes the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the girl knows the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the man greets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the woman meets the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the woman stops the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the woman welcomes the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actor blocks the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the daughter watches the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmer blocks the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmer greets the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmer ignores the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmer knows the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmer watches the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the father defends the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend attracts the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend greets the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend meets the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend meets the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friend meets the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the man defends the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the man observes the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the mother stops the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the mother watches the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the son observes the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the woman avoids the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the woman blocks the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actor attracts the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actor knows the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actress blocks the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the boy attracts the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the boy blocks the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the brother blocks the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the brother welcomes the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the daughter knows the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the daughter welcomes the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the farmer interrupts the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the farmer observes the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the farmer welcomes the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the father meets the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the father welcomes the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the girl greets the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the man attracts the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the mother greets the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the mother stops the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the sister blocks the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the sister interrupts the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the son greets the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the son stops the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the woman observes the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the woman stops the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the woman welcomes the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the actress ignores the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the farmer avoids the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the farmer avoids the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the father knows the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the girl meets the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the girl stops the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the student observes the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the boy attracts the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the boy defends the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmer attracts the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmer watches the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the friend ignores the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the girl greets the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the girl observes the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the mother avoids the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the son interrupts the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the student meets the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the boy meets the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the father knows the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the girl avoids the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the girl observes the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the girls defend the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the sisters block the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the sisters ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the sons avoid the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the sons defend the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the sons know the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the sons watch the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the students know the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the women block the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the farmers avoid the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the farmers greet the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the farmers interrupt the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the farmers interrupt the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the farmers meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the friends avoid the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the friends greet the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the girls meet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the sisters meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the farmers avoid the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the farmers interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the fathers know the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the friends ignore the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the girls defend the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the mothers observe the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the sisters meet the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the women observe the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the women stop the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the daughters interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the daughters know the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the farmers stop the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the farmers watch the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the fathers watch the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the friends observe the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the girls greet the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the sisters block the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the sisters know the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the sisters know the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the sons ignore the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the brothers ignore the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the brothers observe the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the daughters know the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the friends greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the girls observe the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the sisters interrupt the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the sons interrupt the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the students attract the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the students meet the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the women avoid the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the boys avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the boys welcome the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the brothers welcome the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the farmers avoid the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the fathers welcome the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the friends defend the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the friends defend the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the sisters meet the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the students meet the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the women welcome the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the farmers observe the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the farmers watch the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the fathers avoid the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the sisters ignore the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the sons welcome the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the students defend the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the students know the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the women meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the women observe the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the daughters avoid the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the farmers block the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the farmers watch the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the fathers ignore the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the fathers meet the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the friends defend the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the friends interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the friends stop the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the mothers meet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the sisters block the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the sons attract the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the students stop the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the women interrupt the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the women watch the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the daughters know the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the farmers avoid the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the farmers avoid the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the farmers block the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the fathers ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the friends attract the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the mothers defend the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the sisters meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the sons meet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the students block the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the students interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the women defend the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the women welcome the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the boys greet the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the daughters interrupt the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the daughters meet the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the farmers ignore the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the farmers observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the fathers greet the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the men avoid the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the actors ignore the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the boys greet the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the boys know the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the girls interrupt the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the mothers defend the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the mothers meet the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the students attract the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the students ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the students stop the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the daughters observe the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the farmers defend the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the farmers know the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the fathers ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the friends defend the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the friends interrupt the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the students block the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the actors defend the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the boys interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the farmers welcome the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the girls welcome the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the mothers ignore the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the mothers watch the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the students greet the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the brothers observe the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the farmers avoid the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the farmers defend the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the farmers defend the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the fathers block the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the fathers greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the mothers attract the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the mothers observe the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the mothers watch the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the actors avoid the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the actresses greet the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the boys interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the brothers block the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the brothers greet the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the brothers interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the friends stop the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the girls meet the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the students attract the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the students ignore the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the women block the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actors observe the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the boys defend the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the brothers ignore the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the brothers welcome the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the daughters defend the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the daughters defend the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the fathers ignore the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the fathers ignore the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the friends meet the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the girls know the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the girls meet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the men welcome the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the mothers block the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the mothers interrupt the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the mothers know the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the mothers meet the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the mothers stop the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the sons ignore the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the students ignore the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the students interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the women meet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the women stop the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the actors observe the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the boys defend the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brothers greet the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brothers stop the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the daughters avoid the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the daughters know the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the fathers interrupt the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the friends attract the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the mothers ignore the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the mothers interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the mothers meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the sisters block the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the sisters meet the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the sons attract the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the students ignore the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the students observe the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the women ignore the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the women stop the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the actors observe the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the boys know the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the boys stop the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the boys stop the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the brothers interrupt the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the friends greet the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the friends interrupt the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the sisters avoid the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the sisters block the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the sons block the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the sons ignore the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the students observe the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the actors stop the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the actors watch the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the actresses defend the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the actresses watch the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the boys stop the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the boys watch the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the daughters avoid the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the sisters ignore the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the students defend the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the students meet the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the women ignore the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the actors watch the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the brothers ignore the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the farmers meet the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friends attract the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friends know the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the girls block the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the sisters watch the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the sons block the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the students avoid the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the students greet the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the actors block the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the actresses avoid the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the boys stop the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the brothers interrupt the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the friends attract the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the friends avoid the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the girls welcome the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the men meet the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the sons interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the students avoid the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actors defend the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actors interrupt the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actresses ignore the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the boys avoid the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the boys observe the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the boys welcome the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brothers ignore the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the daughters welcome the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the daughters welcome the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmers greet the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmers interrupt the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmers meet the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmers stop the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmers welcome the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmers welcome the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the fathers stop the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the girls ignore the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the girls welcome the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the men welcome the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the sisters meet the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the sons block the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the sons block the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the sons ignore the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the students block the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the students greet the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the students interrupt the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the students welcome the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the women block the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the women interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the brothers meet the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the brothers watch the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the fathers avoid the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the fathers defend the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the fathers ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the girls meet the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sons attract the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sons attract the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sons interrupt the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sons know the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the students avoid the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the students greet the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the students know the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actors block the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the boys avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the daughters greet the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the daughters stop the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the farmers greet the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the farmers greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the farmers know the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the fathers attract the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the girls defend the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the men stop the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the mothers block the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the mothers greet the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the sons observe the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the students attract the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the students interrupt the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the women observe the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the brothers ignore the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the brothers welcome the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the farmers observe the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the farmers stop the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the fathers observe the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the men interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the men interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the sons block the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the students defend the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the women avoid the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the women ignore the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the actors defend the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the actors ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the actors watch the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the actresses observe the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the fathers stop the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the students block the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the students watch the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the women block the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the daughters observe the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the fathers ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the friends observe the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the sisters know the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the sons welcome the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the students defend the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the students meet the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the actors greet the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the actresses avoid the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the boys block the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the brothers block the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the daughters interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the daughters observe the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the farmers welcome the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the sisters ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the students block the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the actresses block the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the boys block the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the brothers ignore the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the farmers attract the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the farmers ignore the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the friends block the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the mothers defend the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the students attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the students block the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the students watch the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the actors attract the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the actresses avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the boys welcome the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the brothers ignore the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the daughters block the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the sons defend the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the sons ignore the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the students attract the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the students interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the actors avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the boys interrupt the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the men meet the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the boys ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the brothers observe the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the friends attract the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the friends attract the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the friends stop the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the sisters meet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the students meet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the women observe the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the farmers block the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the friends block the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the girls greet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the girls welcome the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the men stop the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the sisters observe the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the sisters welcome the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the students avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the actors greet the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the actresses stop the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the daughters ignore the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the fathers meet the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the friends avoid the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the mothers watch the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the daughters avoid the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the daughters interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the daughters observe the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the farmers block the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the fathers interrupt the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the fathers stop the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the friends ignore the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the men stop the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the mothers attract the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the students defend the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the students greet the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the students watch the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the actresses interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the boys greet the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the daughters interrupt the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friends avoid the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friends defend the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friends ignore the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the girls know the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the men stop the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the men welcome the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the mothers interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the students block the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the actors know the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the actresses block the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the brothers observe the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the brothers stop the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the farmers welcome the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the friends avoid the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the friends watch the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the men defend the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the men stop the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the sisters ignore the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the students interrupt the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the women ignore the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the boys block the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the boys ignore the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the farmers know the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the fathers ignore the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the students attract the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the actresses greet the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the actresses meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the brothers meet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the fathers defend the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the fathers meet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the men ignore the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the sisters stop the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the students block the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actresses avoid the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actresses greet the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actresses know the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the brothers defend the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the brothers defend the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the brothers greet the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmers ignore the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmers interrupt the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmers know the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmers watch the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the fathers ignore the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the fathers interrupt the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the fathers know the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friends avoid the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friends interrupt the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friends interrupt the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friends meet the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friends watch the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the girls greet the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the girls ignore the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the girls interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the men block the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the men know the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the men watch the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the mothers stop the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the sons observe the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actors avoid the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actors defend the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actors stop the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the boys defend the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the boys observe the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the brothers interrupt the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmers attract the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmers know the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmers watch the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friends attract the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friends block the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the girls avoid the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the girls know the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the girls stop the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the men stop the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the men watch the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the men watch the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sisters defend the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sisters know the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sons watch the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the women attract the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the women meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the boys block the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the daughters interrupt the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the farmers meet the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends block the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends block the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends defend the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends ignore the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends ignore the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends meet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends meet the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends welcome the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the mothers greet the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the sons defend the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the women meet the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the actors ignore the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the actors stop the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the boys interrupt the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the boys stop the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the friends observe the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the sons know the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the students stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the students welcome the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the actors greet the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the actors observe the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the boys block the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the boys ignore the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the boys interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the daughters interrupt the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmers avoid the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmers block the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmers ignore the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmers meet the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the fathers observe the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the fathers watch the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the students greet the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the actresses block the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the daughters meet the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the farmers ignore the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the farmers stop the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the fathers greet the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the friends observe the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the friends stop the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the sisters greet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the sons know the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the students block the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the students ignore the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the boys defend the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the daughters block the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the farmers watch the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the men watch the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the sisters welcome the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the students greet the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actors declare that the women defend the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the boys block the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the daughters stop the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the farmers interrupt the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the fathers greet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the friends interrupt the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the girls avoid the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the men defend the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the mothers interrupt the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the sisters interrupt the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actors remember that the women watch the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the fathers ignore the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the girls ignore the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the mothers defend the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the mothers ignore the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the students attract the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actors say that the students block the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the boys interrupt the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the daughters greet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the daughters stop the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the farmers block the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the farmers defend the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the farmers interrupt the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the farmers observe the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the friends block the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the men know the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the mothers observe the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the sisters block the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the students observe the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses declare that the students watch the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the daughters avoid the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the daughters greet the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the farmers observe the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the farmers stop the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the fathers attract the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the fathers defend the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the friends avoid the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the friends avoid the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the friends know the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the girls avoid the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the girls observe the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the girls stop the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the sons meet the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses remember that the sons observe the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the farmers avoid the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the friends attract the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the mothers attract the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the sisters welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the students attract the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The actresses say that the students defend the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the actors avoid the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the daughters observe the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the friends avoid the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the students defend the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys declare that the women block the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the actors interrupt the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the actors observe the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the actresses defend the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the actresses ignore the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the brothers stop the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the daughters avoid the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the daughters observe the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the farmers block the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the farmers ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the farmers watch the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the friends defend the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the men greet the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the mothers interrupt the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the mothers meet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the sisters watch the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the sons defend the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys remember that the students stop the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the farmers welcome the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the fathers welcome the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the mothers interrupt the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the students attract the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the students defend the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The boys say that the students interrupt the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the actresses stop the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the farmers interrupt the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the farmers know the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the fathers observe the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the friends defend the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the men defend the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the men meet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the mothers avoid the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the sons welcome the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers declare that the students meet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the actors greet the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the actors ignore the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the farmers ignore the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the farmers ignore the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the fathers know the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the friends greet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the friends interrupt the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the men ignore the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers remember that the mothers stop the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the boys defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the boys greet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the boys interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the daughters attract the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the daughters greet the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the daughters stop the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the farmers avoid the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the friends attract the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the men defend the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the men know the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the sons ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the students greet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The brothers say that the women welcome the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the actresses block the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the brothers stop the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the fathers avoid the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the friends defend the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the friends ignore the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the friends interrupt the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the friends know the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the friends watch the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the girls welcome the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the mothers greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters declare that the students ignore the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the actresses greet the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the actresses meet the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the actresses observe the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the boys ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the brothers stop the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the farmers attract the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the mothers stop the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the sisters know the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the students greet the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the students watch the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters remember that the women meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the actors avoid the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the actresses observe the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the brothers attract the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the brothers welcome the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the farmers welcome the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the friends know the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the friends meet the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The daughters say that the sisters attract the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actors block the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actors observe the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the actors stop the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the boys avoid the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the brothers block the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the brothers ignore the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the brothers know the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the friends observe the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the girls meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the girls welcome the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the men defend the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the men greet the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the students greet the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers declare that the women interrupt the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the actors defend the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the actors defend the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the actresses know the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the boys block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brothers ignore the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brothers meet the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the brothers observe the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the daughters greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the daughters greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the daughters meet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the fathers watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the friends block the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the friends block the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the friends ignore the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the friends observe the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the girls know the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the men greet the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the men know the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the mothers defend the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the mothers ignore the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the mothers know the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the students block the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the students defend the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the students meet the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers remember that the women interrupt the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the actors observe the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the actresses defend the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the actresses meet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the boys meet the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the boys stop the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the daughters block the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the fathers defend the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the fathers greet the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the friends ignore the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the friends ignore the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the girls attract the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the girls greet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the mothers know the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the sisters observe the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the students welcome the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The farmers say that the students welcome the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the actors interrupt the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the actors observe the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the actors stop the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the actresses block the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the boys interrupt the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the brothers watch the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the farmers block the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the friends know the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the sisters interrupt the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the sons defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the students avoid the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers declare that the women defend the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friends block the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friends greet the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friends interrupt the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the friends watch the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers remember that the women greet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the actors greet the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the actors ignore the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the actresses greet the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the brothers block the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the daughters attract the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the farmers meet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the men meet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the sons observe the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The fathers say that the students block the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actors watch the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the actresses stop the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the boys avoid the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brothers defend the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brothers interrupt the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the brothers stop the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the daughters know the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the daughters observe the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmers ignore the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmers interrupt the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the farmers watch the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the fathers know the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the girls ignore the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the men block the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the men greet the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the sisters know the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the sisters meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the students meet the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the students stop the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the women block the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends declare that the women ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the actresses interrupt the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the brothers meet the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the daughters block the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the farmers meet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the fathers greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the fathers greet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the men observe the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sisters greet the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sons avoid the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sons meet the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sons watch the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the sons watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the students attract the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the students defend the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the students ignore the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the women defend the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friends remember that the women know the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the actors block the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the boys avoid the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the boys defend the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the brothers interrupt the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the daughters meet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the daughters welcome the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the fathers block the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the mothers greet the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the sisters observe the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the sisters welcome the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the students avoid the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the students avoid the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the students interrupt the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the students meet the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The friends say that the women greet the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the farmers interrupt the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the friends welcome the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls declare that the students ignore the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the actresses greet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the brothers attract the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the daughters stop the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the friends interrupt the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the mothers interrupt the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the sons meet the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the students greet the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The girls remember that the women meet the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the actors avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the actresses welcome the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the actresses welcome the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the farmers know the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the friends block the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the friends welcome the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the men welcome the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the sisters meet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the sons attract the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the sons interrupt the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the students attract the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the students know the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The girls say that the women know the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the actresses observe the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the boys avoid the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the boys know the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the brothers defend the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the farmers defend the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the farmers know the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the farmers observe the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the farmers stop the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the farmers welcome the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the friends interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the mothers ignore the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the sisters avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the sisters ignore the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the sons defend the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the students greet the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the students ignore the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the students interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The men declare that the students observe the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the actors block the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the boys greet the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the farmers stop the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the friends observe the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the girls avoid the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the sons block the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men remember that the sons observe the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the actresses ignore the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the daughters attract the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the farmers defend the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the friends block the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the sisters attract the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the sisters stop the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the sons greet the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The men say that the students welcome the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the actors know the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the actors meet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the brothers meet the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the daughters observe the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the men greet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers declare that the sisters observe the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the actors know the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the boys defend the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the daughters ignore the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the girls watch the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the sisters defend the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the sisters interrupt the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the students defend the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the students observe the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the women avoid the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers remember that the women observe the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the actors attract the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the actresses attract the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the brothers meet the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the farmers defend the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the friends observe the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the sisters defend the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the sisters defend the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The mothers say that the students defend the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the actors greet the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the actors stop the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the daughters ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the farmers interrupt the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the fathers observe the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the fathers watch the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the friends stop the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the mothers interrupt the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters declare that the women ignore the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the actors know the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the daughters greet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the farmers ignore the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the farmers know the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the farmers meet the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the mothers avoid the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the students interrupt the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the students watch the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the women block the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the women ignore the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters remember that the women meet the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the boys greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the boys ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the boys ignore the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the farmers attract the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friends attract the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the friends interrupt the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the men stop the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the men welcome the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the mothers know the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the sons ignore the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sisters say that the women block the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the actors avoid the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the boys defend the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the boys interrupt the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the farmers observe the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the fathers block the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the friends defend the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the friends interrupt the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the girls know the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sons declare that the women greet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the actors stop the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the fathers observe the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the friends attract the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the friends greet the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the friends interrupt the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the sisters defend the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the students greet the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the students watch the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The sons remember that the women greet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the actresses block the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the farmers ignore the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the farmers observe the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the farmers stop the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the fathers observe the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the friends know the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the men defend the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the men observe the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the mothers avoid the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the sisters welcome the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The sons say that the students greet the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actors meet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actresses block the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actresses greet the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the actresses observe the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the brothers avoid the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmers observe the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmers stop the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the farmers stop the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the fathers welcome the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friends defend the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the friends meet the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the girls greet the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the men block the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the men welcome the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the mothers block the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the mothers welcome the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The students declare that the mothers welcome the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actors block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actors ignore the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actresses attract the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actresses greet the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actresses observe the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the actresses stop the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the brothers greet the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the brothers observe the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the daughters stop the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the daughters watch the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmers attract the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmers attract the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmers block the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmers ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the farmers know the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friends avoid the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the friends watch the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the girls avoid the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the girls block the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sisters meet the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sons block the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the sons observe the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The students remember that the women avoid the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actors attract the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actors defend the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actors ignore the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the actors interrupt the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the boys avoid the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the boys block the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the boys stop the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the brothers avoid the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the daughters stop the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the farmers attract the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the farmers block the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends attract the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends avoid the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends ignore the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the friends ignore the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the girls meet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the girls observe the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The students say that the men defend the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the boys observe the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the brothers avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the brothers interrupt the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the farmers know the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the farmers watch the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the fathers interrupt the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the fathers observe the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the friends meet the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the friends stop the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the girls meet the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the mothers observe the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the sisters observe the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the sons ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the sons know the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the sons observe the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women declare that the students block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the actors greet the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmers attract the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmers ignore the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the farmers ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the friends attract the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the friends block the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the friends ignore the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the mothers block the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the mothers ignore the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the sisters block the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the sisters interrupt the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the sisters interrupt the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the sisters stop the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the sons stop the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women remember that the students attract the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the actors observe the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the actresses greet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the actresses stop the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the boys ignore the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the farmers defend the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the friends stop the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the sisters ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_SR	The women say that the sisters meet the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
