embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the farmer declares that the woman behind the students meets the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the farmer remembers that the son near the fathers attracts the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the father declares that the sister behind the women stops the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the man remembers that the farmer beside the father greets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the boy remembers that the farmer near the father watches the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the boy says that the student beside the farmers knows the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the daughter says that the boy before the man greets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the daughter says that the friend before the farmers stops the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the daughter says that the friend near the girls knows the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the student declares that the son beside the father ignores the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the woman says that the farmer beside the brothers avoids the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the father declares that the boy before the brother avoids the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the friend declares that the man before the son welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the friend declares that the son behind the mother avoids the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the man says that the girl before the mothers knows the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the boy declares that the sister behind the farmer knows the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the father says that the farmer beside the girls greets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the father says that the friend before the farmer meets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the student declares that the mother before the daughter observes the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the boy says that the friend beside the farmers observes the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the friend declares that the sister near the students meets the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the friend remembers that the man beside the boys interrupts the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the man remembers that the student near the girl greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the mother says that the man beside the friend stops the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the student declares that the son behind the friend avoids the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the student remembers that the son beside the farmer avoids the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the woman declares that the mother near the friend watches the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the brother remembers that the son near the fathers defends the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the daughter declares that the farmer beside the father knows the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the farmer says that the daughter beside the father blocks the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the father says that the man beside the friend observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the girl remembers that the friend near the farmer ignores the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the son declares that the sister near the women knows the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the father declares that the sister near the friend welcomes the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the friend says that the son near the brother avoids the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the man declares that the brother before the students defends the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the sister says that the friend before the farmers observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the woman says that the friend near the brother attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the farmer says that the friend before the brother stops the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the man remembers that the girl beside the farmer greets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the sister says that the friend before the son attracts the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the sister says that the student before the farmer knows the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the son declares that the man before the student defends the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the actor remembers that the farmer beside the sons avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the brother declares that the woman behind the actresses stops the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the daughter says that the farmer behind the mothers avoids the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the farmer remembers that the mother behind the son interrupts the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the man declares that the student behind the sons knows the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the mother remembers that the daughter beside the brother greets the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the sister says that the mother near the actor avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the student remembers that the farmer behind the friend blocks the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the farmer says that the mother before the woman blocks the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the friend declares that the student before the actress defends the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the friend remembers that the farmer before the daughter knows the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the friend says that the actor beside the mothers knows the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the sister says that the student beside the sons ignores the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the woman declares that the mother beside the student avoids the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the actress declares that the sister behind the friend defends the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the actress remembers that the daughter before the students meets the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the brother declares that the actor before the son defends the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the friend remembers that the actor near the farmers stops the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the friend remembers that the student before the fathers blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the friend says that the father behind the actor stops the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the sister declares that the actress before the farmer meets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the son declares that the farmer behind the actresses interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the son remembers that the friend near the farmers ignores the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the student declares that the man behind the actors avoids the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the actress remembers that the sister before the friend blocks the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the daughter says that the sister before the friend attracts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the friend remembers that the man before the student meets the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the man remembers that the sister before the students attracts the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the son declares that the student behind the friends watches the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the actress remembers that the daughter behind the fathers ignores the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the boy remembers that the student near the friends observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the daughter declares that the friend near the farmer greets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the farmer says that the boy near the mother avoids the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the father declares that the boy behind the farmers avoids the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the friend declares that the daughter beside the student knows the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the girl says that the farmer behind the son welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the girl says that the son near the actors observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the student declares that the actor beside the father stops the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the student declares that the son behind the actors watches the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the student remembers that the daughter behind the actress stops the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the woman remembers that the student behind the farmers avoids the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the farmer says that the actress before the woman stops the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the father remembers that the woman before the girls interrupts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the father says that the friend beside the woman greets the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the boy says that the father near the actresses avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the friend declares that the actress near the daughters greets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the friend declares that the father near the farmers greets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the student declares that the man behind the friend meets the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the woman remembers that the boy behind the farmer watches the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the boy says that the mother beside the sons interrupts the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the daughter says that the student beside the girls ignores the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the farmer declares that the son beside the men watches the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the farmer remembers that the girl before the fathers attracts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the father declares that the woman before the daughter knows the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the son declares that the student behind the friends ignores the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the student remembers that the actor behind the friend meets the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the boy declares that the friend near the student knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the friend declares that the farmer beside the actor knows the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the friend says that the woman behind the farmer greets the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the mother declares that the woman behind the friend observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the student remembers that the girl behind the men blocks the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the boy declares that the friend before the actor greets the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the farmer says that the mother near the woman knows the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the friend declares that the mother beside the woman stops the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the friend remembers that the actress beside the fathers attracts the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the man says that the father near the brothers knows the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the woman declares that the friend near the brother avoids the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the woman declares that the student beside the sisters observes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the actress declares that the sister before the farmers welcomes the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the brother declares that the man behind the friend avoids the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the friend declares that the woman near the boy greets the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the friend says that the mother near the farmers defends the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the student says that the actor near the women defends the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actress says that the friend beside the mothers defends the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the boy says that the man before the students observes the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the brother declares that the friend beside the student defends the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the farmer says that the woman behind the mother observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the friend declares that the farmer before the girls watches the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the sister declares that the father beside the men blocks the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the sister says that the woman behind the boys blocks the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the woman declares that the boy beside the friends welcomes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the woman declares that the student behind the fathers blocks the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the woman remembers that the girl behind the friends stops the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actress declares that the sister behind the mothers greets the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actress remembers that the girl beside the woman greets the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the boy declares that the woman near the daughters greets the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the brother remembers that the girl near the student interrupts the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the brother says that the student behind the daughters defends the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the daughter declares that the girl beside the men ignores the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the daughter declares that the woman near the students interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the father says that the boy behind the student blocks the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the friend remembers that the boy beside the women blocks the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the friend remembers that the father beside the boy interrupts the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the girl declares that the son beside the woman blocks the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the man says that the actress near the sons defends the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the man says that the girl behind the sisters ignores the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the mother declares that the man beside the actors observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the mother remembers that the brother beside the students knows the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the sister declares that the father beside the actresses interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the sister declares that the girl behind the fathers ignores the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the sister declares that the student behind the actress watches the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the son remembers that the sister behind the father attracts the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the student declares that the friend behind the actor defends the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the student declares that the man beside the sister knows the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the student remembers that the sister behind the friends observes the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the woman declares that the brother beside the son defends the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the woman declares that the father beside the friends watches the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the actress remembers that the friend near the girl observes the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the boy declares that the son near the man watches the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the brother declares that the actor beside the boy avoids the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the friend declares that the student before the actresses avoids the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the girl declares that the friend beside the sisters stops the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the student says that the friend near the brother defends the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actor declares that the mother near the friend welcomes the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actress remembers that the father behind the girl knows the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actress remembers that the student near the brother attracts the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the boy remembers that the father before the friend avoids the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the daughter declares that the woman before the fathers stops the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the father declares that the boy behind the actor observes the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the father declares that the boy behind the brother welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friend declares that the mother near the son watches the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friend declares that the sister before the actress greets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friend says that the father behind the actor knows the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friend says that the son behind the women meets the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the girl remembers that the student near the men ignores the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the son remembers that the student near the sister attracts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the student declares that the sister near the father blocks the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the student remembers that the man behind the daughters defends the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actor declares that the friend before the fathers knows the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actress says that the friend before the son defends the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the brother declares that the daughter before the student ignores the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the brother remembers that the daughter behind the mothers watches the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the daughter declares that the actor before the friends greets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the father remembers that the woman beside the friends meets the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the friend says that the actor before the daughters meets the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the son declares that the girl before the friends blocks the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the son remembers that the father beside the boy meets the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the student declares that the father before the friends interrupts the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the student remembers that the brother behind the girl ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the farmer says that the actor beside the sister observes the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the girl remembers that the actress near the son meets the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the sister remembers that the man beside the farmer observes the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the son declares that the sister beside the woman defends the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the student says that the son behind the men stops the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the woman remembers that the friend behind the farmer greets the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the actor remembers that the farmer before the friends greets the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the boy declares that the actress before the brothers avoids the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the girl remembers that the friend beside the man attracts the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the girl says that the actor beside the daughter attracts the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the son says that the actor before the men interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the student declares that the man before the brothers stops the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the actress declares that the farmer near the friends interrupts the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the actress declares that the student near the friends watches the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the actress says that the student near the woman avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the brother remembers that the woman near the friends ignores the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the daughter declares that the farmer before the friend defends the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the farmer remembers that the boy near the students greets the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the farmer says that the boy near the woman attracts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the farmer says that the brother behind the woman meets the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the girl remembers that the actress behind the sons knows the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the girl says that the actress behind the friends interrupts the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the sister says that the girl near the men blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the son remembers that the brother behind the actress avoids the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the student declares that the brother near the daughters observes the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the student remembers that the boy before the actor knows the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the woman says that the actress behind the sisters defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the actor remembers that the student beside the man defends the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the actress remembers that the girl behind the farmers meets the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the brother declares that the actress before the farmers ignores the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the daughter remembers that the boy before the student meets the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the farmer remembers that the actor beside the boys avoids the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the farmer remembers that the sister before the woman avoids the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the farmer remembers that the sister behind the daughters stops the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the farmer says that the actor beside the boy ignores the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the farmer says that the boy behind the daughters greets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the girl remembers that the student behind the woman avoids the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the man declares that the actress before the farmers defends the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the man declares that the friend beside the sister knows the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the man says that the boy beside the farmer stops the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the man says that the friend behind the sisters avoids the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the student declares that the friend behind the son blocks the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the student says that the actress behind the friend blocks the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the actor declares that the father behind the students meets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the actress says that the son beside the farmers stops the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the brother declares that the girl beside the men welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the brother remembers that the daughter near the girl avoids the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the daughter remembers that the brother near the woman watches the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the farmer remembers that the daughter behind the girl ignores the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the girl says that the farmer behind the student knows the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the man remembers that the daughter behind the boy watches the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the woman says that the student beside the actors interrupts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the boy remembers that the brother near the student interrupts the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the brother declares that the actor before the man stops the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the brother declares that the girl before the sons stops the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the brother says that the actress near the sons blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the father declares that the man beside the farmer welcomes the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the father declares that the student before the girls ignores the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the father remembers that the woman beside the boys defends the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the man declares that the boy before the student stops the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the sister declares that the farmer beside the men blocks the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the son remembers that the actress near the men attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the student declares that the actor before the man watches the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the student says that the boy before the woman meets the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the woman remembers that the farmer before the actors blocks the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the woman says that the boy beside the actresses defends the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actor remembers that the man before the sons watches the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actress declares that the brother before the farmers knows the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actress declares that the mother behind the girls meets the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the daughter declares that the actor before the father watches the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the farmer declares that the mother near the sisters greets the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the farmer remembers that the boy before the students observes the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the father declares that the daughter behind the students knows the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the girl remembers that the actress behind the woman meets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the girl says that the son near the men defends the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the man declares that the farmer before the actors defends the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the man remembers that the brother behind the students greets the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the mother declares that the farmer near the actresses welcomes the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the mother says that the farmer before the girl meets the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the sister remembers that the girl near the actor attracts the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the son says that the brother near the actress ignores the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the student declares that the man near the boy knows the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the student remembers that the son behind the fathers stops the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the student remembers that the woman near the actor greets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the student says that the actress near the boys avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the student says that the woman before the farmers meets the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the woman remembers that the sister before the son avoids the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the actress remembers that the farmer behind the daughter greets the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the actress remembers that the girl behind the sister blocks the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the boy remembers that the father behind the brothers ignores the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the brother remembers that the son beside the mother avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmer remembers that the girl beside the man avoids the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmer remembers that the mother behind the student knows the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmer remembers that the son behind the mother observes the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the father remembers that the farmer behind the woman defends the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the girl remembers that the man before the fathers avoids the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the girl says that the mother behind the actors observes the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the son remembers that the actor before the students greets the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the son remembers that the boy before the actors defends the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the student declares that the woman beside the girl avoids the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the woman remembers that the farmer before the brothers interrupts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the woman says that the student beside the daughters ignores the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the actor says that the friend near the men attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the brother says that the actress beside the friend attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the daughter declares that the farmer near the students defends the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the man declares that the son behind the friend ignores the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the brother declares that the actor before the fathers meets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the daughter says that the sister near the women interrupts the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the farmer says that the daughter near the students welcomes the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the farmer says that the father near the sister defends the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the father remembers that the man beside the students ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the sister remembers that the daughter before the farmers stops the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the son declares that the friend beside the farmers defends the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the actress remembers that the daughter before the sisters attracts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the actress says that the mother near the friend ignores the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the father declares that the daughter behind the students defends the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the friend remembers that the farmer near the mother blocks the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the mother remembers that the sister near the student observes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the student remembers that the farmer near the actors watches the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the student says that the father before the son knows the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the woman remembers that the son before the student knows the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the daughter remembers that the actor before the farmer interrupts the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the daughter says that the student behind the friend meets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the sister remembers that the friend behind the student knows the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the son declares that the father before the men avoids the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the son says that the student behind the farmers stops the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the brother declares that the farmer behind the friend avoids the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the brother declares that the girl behind the students greets the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the daughter declares that the student behind the farmers watches the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the friend remembers that the actor near the farmers greets the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the friend says that the mother near the student knows the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the student remembers that the farmer behind the daughters watches the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the student says that the mother beside the friends stops the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the actress declares that the son before the friend interrupts the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the boy says that the friend near the student welcomes the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the farmer declares that the friend beside the sister interrupts the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the farmer says that the mother before the actresses interrupts the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the father declares that the friend beside the farmer welcomes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the friend declares that the farmer before the actress greets the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the friend declares that the sister before the actor observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the actor remembers that the mother before the sons observes the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the farmer says that the girl before the fathers welcomes the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the father declares that the actress near the farmer interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the father declares that the student near the sister ignores the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the friend remembers that the girl before the brothers defends the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the sister declares that the actor before the farmers meets the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the student remembers that the mother before the girl attracts the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the actor declares that the student before the friends knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the brother declares that the son before the friend stops the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the brother says that the son behind the student attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the father says that the student behind the farmer stops the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the friend declares that the girl before the student interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the girl says that the student behind the brothers welcomes the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the student remembers that the boy before the daughters defends the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the student remembers that the boy before the friend watches the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the student says that the daughter behind the actor avoids the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the actor remembers that the man beside the friends interrupts the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the actor says that the sister beside the boys welcomes the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the daughter remembers that the actress beside the friends defends the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the farmer declares that the daughter near the boy defends the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the friend remembers that the farmer behind the boys avoids the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the friend says that the son behind the men observes the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the girl remembers that the actress beside the brother watches the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the man says that the student beside the sons welcomes the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the son declares that the friend beside the brother watches the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the student says that the woman behind the actor interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the woman says that the friend behind the farmers defends the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the actor remembers that the daughter before the student meets the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the actor says that the girl beside the friends interrupts the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the boy declares that the friend beside the actresses welcomes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the brother remembers that the friend beside the actress blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the daughter remembers that the woman before the student interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the daughter says that the farmer before the boys interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the farmer says that the student before the actors observes the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friend declares that the actress before the girl defends the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friend says that the boy before the actors attracts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friend says that the man beside the student observes the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the girl remembers that the student beside the farmers meets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the woman says that the farmer beside the sisters attracts the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the woman says that the son before the actresses attracts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the actor says that the farmer near the student blocks the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the boy remembers that the sister behind the actors avoids the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the farmer remembers that the student behind the boys ignores the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the farmer says that the student near the friends interrupts the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the friend declares that the son before the girl stops the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the friend declares that the student before the farmers defends the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the girl remembers that the son behind the actor attracts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the friend says that the actress behind the sister knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the friend says that the brother beside the actresses interrupts the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the man remembers that the girl before the brother greets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the man says that the girl behind the daughter avoids the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the son declares that the student beside the friend defends the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the son remembers that the actor beside the farmer meets the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the woman declares that the farmer before the boys meets the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the actress remembers that the farmer near the boys greets the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the daughter says that the friend near the fathers meets the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the friend declares that the father beside the boy defends the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the man remembers that the student behind the friend observes the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the mother remembers that the son near the men knows the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the mother says that the son beside the boys attracts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the friend says that the father near the actors ignores the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the son remembers that the student before the men attracts the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the student declares that the actor beside the girls blocks the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the student remembers that the boy before the man ignores the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the actor remembers that the farmer before the woman observes the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the actress remembers that the farmer before the girl greets the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the farmer declares that the father behind the sons watches the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the farmer remembers that the friend before the actors stops the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the farmer says that the father before the students stops the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the friend declares that the daughter behind the men interrupts the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the girl says that the daughter behind the farmer defends the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the son says that the father behind the actor attracts the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the farmer declares that the student behind the actresses blocks the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the girl remembers that the man before the mothers interrupts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the man remembers that the actor behind the son observes the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the son remembers that the girl beside the man watches the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the woman remembers that the actor before the daughter attracts the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the woman remembers that the farmer beside the actress stops the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the actor says that the mother behind the girl stops the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the actress says that the sister near the man attracts the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the brother declares that the farmer behind the girl ignores the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the brother remembers that the mother beside the students blocks the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the farmer declares that the student behind the mother interrupts the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the farmer says that the mother near the students welcomes the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the farmer says that the sister behind the actress welcomes the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the girl declares that the friend near the mother knows the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the sister remembers that the friend near the farmers knows the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the student declares that the friend behind the men knows the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the student declares that the woman near the boy defends the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the woman says that the girl beside the students defends the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the actress remembers that the man near the fathers blocks the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the actress says that the girl beside the brother welcomes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the friend declares that the girl near the students defends the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the girl says that the student before the mothers attracts the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the mother declares that the woman near the friend avoids the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the student says that the friend before the farmers defends the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the actress remembers that the friend behind the brother defends the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the farmer remembers that the brother near the actors meets the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the father remembers that the woman near the girls blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the friend declares that the father before the boy ignores the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the man says that the student before the father attracts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the sister remembers that the friend before the woman blocks the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the sister says that the girl behind the farmer ignores the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the woman says that the mother near the actress welcomes the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the actress declares that the farmer before the girl interrupts the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the actress remembers that the mother behind the farmers observes the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the farmer remembers that the student behind the actress knows the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the girl says that the actor behind the friend stops the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the woman says that the sister before the students welcomes the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the boy declares that the mother behind the brother watches the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the brother declares that the actor beside the girl watches the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the farmer remembers that the actress behind the men ignores the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the farmer says that the girl near the daughters stops the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the friend declares that the farmer beside the mothers blocks the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the friend says that the girl near the man observes the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the mother remembers that the friend behind the brothers defends the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the sister declares that the man beside the actresses knows the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the woman remembers that the actor beside the son interrupts the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the actor remembers that the woman beside the sister stops the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the actress says that the farmer near the friends interrupts the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the boy remembers that the brother before the friends knows the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the brother says that the friend near the farmers welcomes the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the daughter says that the farmer before the women avoids the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer says that the mother before the woman stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the father says that the brother before the actresses meets the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the father says that the daughter before the actresses interrupts the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the friend remembers that the woman before the sister knows the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the friend says that the actress near the sister interrupts the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the girl declares that the woman near the son greets the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the man declares that the daughter near the sisters greets the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the man declares that the girl before the daughters stops the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the man remembers that the son before the farmers interrupts the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the son declares that the farmer beside the fathers ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the son declares that the farmer near the boys defends the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the woman says that the farmer before the actress stops the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the actor declares that the mother near the friends meets the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the boy declares that the woman before the actor ignores the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughter declares that the brother before the boy stops the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughter declares that the woman near the friend interrupts the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughter says that the girl behind the woman avoids the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the farmer declares that the actor behind the sisters watches the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the farmer declares that the woman behind the actors observes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the father remembers that the girl behind the daughter ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the friend remembers that the farmer behind the boys blocks the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the man declares that the farmer before the mother interrupts the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the man remembers that the father near the friends interrupts the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the mother remembers that the man behind the farmers ignores the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the sister declares that the actress before the boy watches the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the son declares that the farmer before the brothers ignores the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the son declares that the farmer near the girl observes the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the son declares that the woman behind the friend defends the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the son says that the farmer near the women blocks the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the actress declares that the friend behind the boys avoids the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the actress declares that the girl before the farmer blocks the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the boy declares that the friend beside the brother greets the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the brother remembers that the actor beside the farmers ignores the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the brother remembers that the farmer beside the women knows the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the daughter says that the actress behind the friends knows the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the daughter says that the friend beside the women meets the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the farmer declares that the father beside the man greets the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the farmer says that the son before the father greets the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the friend says that the sister beside the women meets the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the man says that the actress beside the friend avoids the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the sister remembers that the farmer before the father greets the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the sister remembers that the farmer beside the friends blocks the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the sister says that the boy behind the friends attracts the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the actor says that the daughter near the students blocks the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the actor says that the girl beside the son meets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the father says that the farmer beside the boys defends the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the friend remembers that the boy beside the actress interrupts the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the friend remembers that the son near the boys defends the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the sister declares that the father behind the boy defends the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the student remembers that the boy near the farmers meets the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the farmer remembers that the actor near the son watches the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the friend says that the sister before the daughter attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the friend says that the student before the farmers stops the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the sister says that the girl near the mother knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the student declares that the father near the daughters welcomes the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the actress says that the friend behind the student attracts the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the father declares that the brother behind the student observes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the friend remembers that the mother before the sister avoids the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the friend says that the girl before the daughter defends the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the mother remembers that the sister near the friends attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the boy says that the daughter before the students observes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the daughter says that the farmer behind the sister ignores the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the father declares that the friend before the sons interrupts the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the father declares that the girl behind the son ignores the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the friend says that the boy before the father attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the girl says that the mother beside the students observes the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the son says that the farmer beside the students stops the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the brothers declares that the student beside the friends blocks the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the brothers says that the boy behind the fathers meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the daughters remembers that the girl behind the students interrupts the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the daughters says that the farmer beside the women blocks the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the farmers says that the student beside the friends knows the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the girls remembers that the friend beside the man ignores the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the students remembers that the father beside the friend meets the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the brothers declares that the woman near the students stops the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the girls says that the farmer before the sisters welcomes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the mothers declares that the daughter near the farmers knows the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the mothers declares that the farmer beside the friends observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the students remembers that the farmer near the man observes the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the brothers remembers that the friend near the students knows the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the brothers remembers that the man near the boy meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the farmers declares that the friend behind the girl stops the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the mothers says that the brother behind the students meets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the students remembers that the farmer near the mothers blocks the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the women declares that the boy behind the father defends the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the boys remembers that the farmer before the students greets the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the farmers declares that the girl beside the students observes the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the farmers says that the friend before the son avoids the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the friends declares that the student beside the men knows the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the friends says that the boy behind the farmer welcomes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the friends says that the sister behind the mother avoids the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the mothers says that the farmer behind the girl defends the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the students says that the son behind the sister knows the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the women says that the son before the fathers stops the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the farmers remembers that the boy near the friends avoids the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the farmers remembers that the son near the brother knows the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the farmers says that the father behind the boys meets the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the farmers says that the friend near the sister greets the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the farmers says that the sister behind the daughters observes the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the fathers says that the student beside the men observes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the friends says that the brother behind the man ignores the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the mothers declares that the friend behind the students defends the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the mothers declares that the sister behind the man stops the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the mothers declares that the student behind the boy greets the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the students declares that the farmer near the father avoids the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the students remembers that the boy near the sister interrupts the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the women remembers that the father near the boy observes the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the boys declares that the brother beside the farmers blocks the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the farmers declares that the girl beside the student blocks the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the farmers says that the sister before the daughter avoids the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the fathers says that the student near the men attracts the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the friends remembers that the father beside the farmer interrupts the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the men declares that the brother before the farmer greets the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the men says that the brother before the boy interrupts the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the sons declares that the woman near the students welcomes the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the sons remembers that the father before the sister attracts the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the women remembers that the girl beside the sisters attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the boys remembers that the farmer behind the friends ignores the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the brothers remembers that the boy near the mothers defends the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the brothers says that the woman before the friends greets the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the fathers says that the student before the daughters attracts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the friends remembers that the father before the man attracts the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the friends says that the girl before the farmer greets the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the men says that the boy near the sister defends the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the sisters says that the boy before the farmers stops the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the students says that the brother near the men avoids the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the brothers remembers that the farmer beside the friends stops the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the daughters declares that the farmer behind the boys avoids the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the farmers remembers that the student behind the daughter stops the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friends declares that the mother behind the girls stops the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friends remembers that the man before the farmer attracts the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friends says that the son beside the sisters knows the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friends says that the student beside the girl defends the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the girls says that the farmer beside the daughters attracts the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the girls says that the student beside the women stops the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the mothers remembers that the farmer before the woman stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the students says that the sister behind the friends ignores the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the women remembers that the father behind the sister avoids the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the women says that the farmer before the friend welcomes the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the brothers remembers that the farmer near the woman stops the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the daughters declares that the friend near the sister welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the farmers declares that the mother beside the sisters defends the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the fathers says that the daughter behind the friends greets the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the friends declares that the woman behind the son greets the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the mothers declares that the brother near the friends watches the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the mothers declares that the student beside the farmer stops the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the women says that the student near the daughter blocks the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the brothers declares that the actor near the student knows the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the farmers declares that the daughter near the actress greets the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the farmers says that the actor before the brothers attracts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the fathers declares that the farmer near the friend defends the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the fathers says that the friend before the actresses interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the friends says that the actor before the women greets the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the mothers remembers that the woman near the actor ignores the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the sons says that the friend before the mothers avoids the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the women remembers that the farmer beside the sisters observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the women remembers that the farmer near the student defends the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the actresses says that the sister near the friends ignores the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the daughters declares that the woman before the friend watches the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the farmers declares that the mother behind the sisters welcomes the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the farmers says that the student behind the friend ignores the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the fathers declares that the actor before the friends defends the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the fathers says that the friend near the actress defends the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the friends says that the sister near the farmers stops the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the sisters declares that the son near the students ignores the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the students remembers that the actor near the farmers avoids the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the students says that the father near the actor attracts the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the actresses says that the mother beside the sisters observes the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the brothers says that the friend beside the farmer attracts the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the farmers says that the woman beside the sons stops the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the fathers declares that the actor beside the friend greets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the fathers remembers that the farmer beside the son knows the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the students says that the son behind the farmers defends the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the fathers says that the friend behind the actress ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the girls says that the farmer behind the friends blocks the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the mothers says that the student beside the girl avoids the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the students says that the son behind the father defends the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the actors says that the boy beside the men welcomes the son	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the boys declares that the woman near the farmers interrupts the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the farmers declares that the actress near the sons knows the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the girls remembers that the daughter beside the father observes the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the mothers declares that the woman beside the farmers avoids the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the students declares that the actress near the men stops the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the students declares that the daughter near the women ignores the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the students says that the daughter beside the father meets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the women declares that the actor before the boys welcomes the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the actresses declares that the mother near the boy defends the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the actresses remembers that the father near the son blocks the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the farmers declares that the student before the mother avoids the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the farmers remembers that the student near the sons attracts the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the mothers declares that the woman near the daughters meets the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the actors remembers that the father beside the women greets the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the actresses declares that the boy before the son avoids the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the farmers remembers that the man behind the fathers ignores the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the friends says that the actor behind the woman welcomes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the men declares that the actress behind the farmers interrupts the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the boys declares that the brother near the man watches the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the boys declares that the sister near the students ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the boys says that the man beside the mother welcomes the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the farmers remembers that the boy behind the actors ignores the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the farmers remembers that the girl behind the brothers avoids the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the fathers says that the student behind the actors observes the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the friends declares that the student behind the women watches the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the sisters declares that the student beside the men defends the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the actresses remembers that the mother near the students interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the boys remembers that the mother beside the actor knows the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the farmers remembers that the girl before the brother stops the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the fathers says that the actor before the men attracts the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the fathers says that the sister beside the boy welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the men says that the friend beside the girl attracts the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the sisters says that the student before the girls avoids the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the women remembers that the student beside the friend ignores the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the brothers remembers that the father near the actresses attracts the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the brothers says that the boy behind the friends defends the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the farmers declares that the actor behind the women watches the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the farmers declares that the mother before the brother stops the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the farmers says that the student near the fathers meets the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the fathers remembers that the girl near the students attracts the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the friends remembers that the farmer near the actor stops the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the sisters says that the farmer near the boy interrupts the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the women remembers that the farmer before the mothers knows the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actors says that the boy before the friends welcomes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the friends remembers that the farmer before the men stops the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the friends remembers that the man beside the farmer blocks the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the students remembers that the boy before the friends observes the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the women declares that the farmer beside the student defends the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the women remembers that the actress behind the sister blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actresses declares that the student beside the father blocks the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actresses remembers that the sister beside the man ignores the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the boys declares that the friend near the men blocks the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the daughters says that the friend beside the student meets the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the friends declares that the sister near the actress ignores the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the friends says that the sister beside the women greets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the men declares that the friend behind the student defends the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the men declares that the friend near the daughters welcomes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the sons remembers that the boy behind the sisters interrupts the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the sons says that the student beside the friend ignores the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the women says that the actress near the son welcomes the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the actors says that the man before the mother attracts the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the actresses declares that the student beside the friend ignores the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the boys remembers that the man before the father observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the daughters says that the friend beside the sister welcomes the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the daughters says that the man beside the boys blocks the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the friends declares that the son before the actress stops the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the men declares that the friend beside the student greets the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the mothers says that the actress beside the sons stops the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the sisters declares that the student before the man ignores the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the sisters declares that the woman beside the daughter avoids the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the sons declares that the man near the friends knows the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the students declares that the sister beside the woman meets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the students remembers that the brother before the mother knows the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the students says that the actor beside the man stops the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the women declares that the boy before the friends meets the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the women says that the daughter beside the student stops the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the boys says that the woman before the actress knows the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the brothers says that the father behind the friends avoids the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friends declares that the son near the woman ignores the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the girls says that the brother before the friends stops the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the men says that the sister before the boy interrupts the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the mothers remembers that the student behind the son watches the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the sons declares that the student before the actresses greets the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the sons says that the sister near the student observes the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actors says that the student before the friend knows the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the boys remembers that the actor before the friend interrupts the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the boys remembers that the sister before the daughter blocks the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the boys remembers that the son behind the friend interrupts the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the brothers declares that the actress before the friend greets the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the brothers says that the friend before the women attracts the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the daughters remembers that the actor beside the students knows the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the daughters remembers that the boy beside the brother meets the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the friends remembers that the man behind the boys stops the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the friends says that the woman before the boys attracts the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the men declares that the friend beside the boys watches the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the men declares that the sister beside the friend welcomes the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the sons says that the sister behind the girl avoids the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the students declares that the mother behind the son watches the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the students remembers that the mother beside the sister knows the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the daughters remembers that the sister near the boy greets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the girls remembers that the farmer near the actor knows the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the men remembers that the brother beside the actresses defends the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the sisters says that the actor near the friends welcomes the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the students remembers that the man near the girls knows the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the women says that the boy near the student avoids the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the actresses declares that the friend beside the farmers stops the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the boys declares that the actress beside the students greets the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the boys remembers that the friend near the farmers watches the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the farmers declares that the son before the student greets the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the farmers remembers that the brother near the sons ignores the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the sisters says that the actress before the man meets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the sisters says that the farmer near the students meets the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the sons says that the woman before the friend blocks the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the students declares that the boy before the actors ignores the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the students declares that the friend before the farmers ignores the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the women declares that the daughter near the friends watches the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the women declares that the student beside the sister stops the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the women says that the student beside the brother welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the actors says that the farmer behind the girl knows the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the actresses remembers that the son near the students stops the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the brothers remembers that the girl before the daughter avoids the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the farmers declares that the daughter before the girls welcomes the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the students remembers that the man behind the farmer blocks the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the women says that the sister behind the students ignores the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the friends declares that the sister beside the son interrupts the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the girls declares that the man behind the farmers stops the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the girls says that the farmer behind the son ignores the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the sisters remembers that the daughter beside the actors defends the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the sisters says that the woman before the students defends the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the students says that the boy beside the brother meets the women	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the women declares that the daughter before the students greets the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the women says that the son beside the girl ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the actors remembers that the daughter behind the girls watches the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the boys says that the farmer behind the sisters meets the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the brothers remembers that the actress near the mother stops the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the brothers says that the farmer behind the daughter ignores the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the daughters remembers that the boy behind the sisters ignores the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the farmers declares that the daughter beside the mothers stops the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the fathers remembers that the son beside the women observes the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the fathers says that the daughter near the brothers greets the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the men declares that the daughter behind the students welcomes the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the men remembers that the sister near the girl meets the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the sons declares that the father beside the student greets the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the students declares that the sister behind the daughters knows the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the actors says that the mother beside the student knows the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the boys declares that the sister beside the actor welcomes the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the boys says that the student before the actress attracts the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the brothers remembers that the son before the students watches the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the daughters declares that the farmer before the sisters stops the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the girls declares that the daughter before the mothers avoids the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the girls declares that the daughter beside the actress knows the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the mothers remembers that the daughter near the sister observes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the sisters declares that the farmer beside the actress defends the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the students says that the farmer beside the boys welcomes the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actors declares that the man near the student meets the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actors says that the girl before the woman stops the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the boys remembers that the actor behind the sister meets the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the boys remembers that the farmer before the son avoids the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the boys says that the mother before the man attracts the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the brothers says that the son near the student ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the daughters declares that the actor before the woman ignores the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the daughters declares that the father before the woman ignores the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the farmers declares that the daughter near the sisters blocks the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the farmers remembers that the father behind the students watches the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the farmers says that the boy behind the sons interrupts the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the fathers remembers that the farmer near the brother ignores the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the girls says that the farmer before the sisters avoids the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the girls says that the son near the women ignores the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the mothers declares that the farmer near the student knows the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the sons says that the sister behind the woman attracts the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the students declares that the farmer behind the mothers interrupts the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the students says that the girl before the women greets the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the actors remembers that the son before the farmers observes the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the actresses remembers that the boy before the sons stops the women	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the boys declares that the farmer behind the students greets the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmers remembers that the boy beside the woman watches the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmers remembers that the brother beside the women stops the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmers says that the brother beside the daughters attracts the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmers says that the girl behind the fathers avoids the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the fathers says that the actress before the farmers greets the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the girls says that the actor behind the sisters greets the man	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the men declares that the farmer behind the mothers ignores the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the men remembers that the son behind the actors meets the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the sisters says that the son beside the students attracts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the sons says that the student beside the farmer attracts the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the students declares that the farmer behind the actress blocks the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the students declares that the mother behind the actress ignores the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the students says that the boy beside the farmers avoids the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the students says that the mother behind the sisters knows the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the women remembers that the girl behind the mothers meets the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the brothers declares that the mother beside the actresses stops the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the farmers says that the friend behind the fathers observes the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the sisters remembers that the daughter behind the actors stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the students remembers that the farmer near the daughter watches the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the actors declares that the father beside the daughters observes the student	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the actresses remembers that the student before the friend meets the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the actresses says that the mother near the student attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the friends remembers that the actor before the sister knows the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the friends says that the student near the women meets the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the mothers remembers that the farmer beside the daughter knows the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the actors remembers that the father behind the sons defends the men	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the actors says that the man before the friends attracts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the actresses remembers that the student before the daughter avoids the women	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the friends declares that the woman behind the father watches the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the friends remembers that the student near the farmer ignores the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the sons remembers that the man behind the students ignores the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the actresses says that the son beside the father defends the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the daughters remembers that the mother before the brothers stops the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the farmers remembers that the woman before the brother meets the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the fathers declares that the friend behind the actresses stops the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the friends declares that the mother behind the student welcomes the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the men declares that the son before the actresses watches the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the students remembers that the father before the friends observes the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the actors declares that the friend near the boys meets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the farmers remembers that the actor beside the daughters knows the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the farmers says that the boy beside the student stops the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the farmers says that the brother behind the actress blocks the father	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the fathers declares that the friend beside the daughters observes the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the fathers says that the student beside the brother greets the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the sisters remembers that the actor beside the mother ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the sons remembers that the boy behind the actors greets the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the actresses declares that the friend beside the sister greets the father	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the brothers remembers that the son beside the actor interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the farmers declares that the actor beside the brothers observes the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the farmers remembers that the student near the sister blocks the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the fathers remembers that the son before the actress attracts the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the fathers remembers that the student before the actress stops the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the mothers declares that the sister before the actresses ignores the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the actresses remembers that the father near the friend interrupts the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the boys remembers that the sister before the actors stops the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the boys says that the farmer before the friends greets the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the boys says that the sister near the farmers meets the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the brothers says that the father near the student ignores the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the daughters remembers that the friend near the farmer meets the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the farmers remembers that the mother near the son blocks the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the friends declares that the girl before the son interrupts the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the students remembers that the son behind the farmer greets the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the students says that the girl near the farmer ignores the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the students says that the mother before the brother meets the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the daughters declares that the boy before the sisters interrupts the students	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the farmers declares that the father beside the friend knows the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the farmers declares that the sister before the sons meets the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the fathers declares that the student before the boy welcomes the son	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the students says that the actor beside the boy blocks the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the boys remembers that the brother behind the man attracts the son	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the boys says that the friend beside the student attracts the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the daughters declares that the farmer behind the actress welcomes the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the daughters remembers that the friend beside the farmer stops the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the daughters remembers that the woman behind the students observes the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the farmers declares that the boy near the student ignores the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the sons remembers that the friend near the brother knows the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the students declares that the girl behind the actor greets the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the actresses says that the daughter beside the girls ignores the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the boys remembers that the man beside the farmers defends the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the boys says that the daughter before the students meets the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the farmers remembers that the daughter beside the friend ignores the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friends remembers that the actress near the men knows the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friends remembers that the farmer beside the students blocks the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friends remembers that the woman before the daughter attracts the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the students declares that the actor beside the boys greets the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the brothers remembers that the student behind the farmer observes the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the farmers declares that the woman before the student defends the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the sisters remembers that the farmer near the student ignores the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the women says that the son near the girl attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the actors declares that the student before the girls observes the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the actresses declares that the brother before the boys interrupts the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the farmers declares that the son before the man meets the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the farmers remembers that the woman before the daughters stops the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the farmers says that the student beside the brothers welcomes the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the friends says that the farmer behind the brother welcomes the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the men declares that the boy before the friend watches the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the women remembers that the boy behind the actress defends the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the actors declares that the girl near the students watches the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the daughters says that the friend behind the mothers meets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the fathers declares that the friend beside the daughters observes the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the students declares that the friend beside the sons blocks the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the students remembers that the boy behind the friends meets the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the actors declares that the farmer near the men stops the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the actresses remembers that the student near the boys observes the man	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the daughters says that the student beside the farmer blocks the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the fathers declares that the student before the sons greets the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the fathers says that the friend before the actors stops the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the friends says that the actress beside the men ignores the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the friends says that the farmer beside the girls stops the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the friends says that the woman before the fathers stops the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the daughters declares that the boy behind the farmer interrupts the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the daughters declares that the farmer before the father welcomes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the daughters declares that the student behind the women knows the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the men declares that the farmer near the girl blocks the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the mothers declares that the man near the student interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the mothers says that the girl behind the friends blocks the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the women remembers that the actress near the friend attracts the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the women says that the friend before the sons meets the father	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the actors declares that the farmer before the men ignores the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the boys declares that the farmer before the men defends the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the farmers remembers that the friend before the fathers meets the students	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the friends declares that the girl beside the student ignores the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the girls remembers that the friend before the son knows the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the mothers remembers that the man behind the farmer watches the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the mothers says that the woman before the boy avoids the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the students declares that the friend before the girls ignores the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the women remembers that the friend behind the students attracts the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the actors declares that the man near the boy observes the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the farmers remembers that the student behind the girls ignores the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the farmers says that the girl behind the friends observes the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the sisters declares that the farmer behind the friend blocks the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the actors remembers that the student beside the friend blocks the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the boys remembers that the man near the mothers greets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the boys says that the father beside the sisters ignores the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the farmers declares that the man near the sister ignores the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the farmers remembers that the father beside the friend stops the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the farmers says that the man before the students defends the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the farmers says that the sister beside the actress blocks the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the friends remembers that the brother beside the mother interrupts the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the men remembers that the actress before the brothers avoids the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the mothers declares that the farmer before the friend blocks the students	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the mothers says that the friend near the actors blocks the student	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the sisters remembers that the farmer before the friends knows the student	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the actors says that the brother before the mother observes the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the fathers declares that the student near the friends greets the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the friends remembers that the student near the farmer greets the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the friends says that the actress near the women observes the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the friends says that the sister near the mothers greets the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the men says that the friend before the actresses blocks the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the mothers remembers that the friend behind the sisters interrupts the men	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the actors declares that the man beside the fathers watches the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the boys declares that the student behind the father defends the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the fathers says that the woman before the brother greets the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the friends says that the student beside the mothers avoids the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the men declares that the mother behind the farmer meets the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the sisters declares that the student beside the mother knows the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the students declares that the sister behind the farmer greets the men	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the students remembers that the friend before the actor defends the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the actors remembers that the boy near the sons stops the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the actors remembers that the friend near the mother observes the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the boys remembers that the woman beside the fathers stops the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the boys says that the brother near the daughters blocks the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the daughters declares that the actress behind the boys welcomes the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the farmers declares that the man beside the sons stops the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the fathers says that the brother behind the daughter blocks the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the friends declares that the actress beside the women defends the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the friends declares that the actress near the mothers ignores the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the friends says that the father behind the farmer defends the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the girls says that the son near the woman welcomes the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the mothers declares that the actress beside the friend stops the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the mothers declares that the farmer behind the boy welcomes the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the sisters declares that the farmer beside the actor welcomes the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the sisters remembers that the friend behind the mothers meets the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the sisters remembers that the woman near the actresses interrupts the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the sons says that the sister beside the friend meets the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmers remembers that the friend before the mother ignores the man	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmers remembers that the woman before the mother blocks the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the girls remembers that the actor before the friend ignores the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the sisters declares that the man before the friends welcomes the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the sisters remembers that the son before the actress defends the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the sons says that the friend near the actor defends the man	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the sons says that the man before the sisters attracts the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the actresses declares that the boy near the daughter blocks the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the boys declares that the farmer behind the friend greets the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughters says that the friend before the fathers attracts the women	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the friends remembers that the farmer behind the actress attracts the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the friends remembers that the mother before the actress meets the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the friends says that the girl behind the fathers avoids the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the girls remembers that the woman behind the friends meets the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the men declares that the father near the sons greets the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the actors remembers that the woman beside the daughter observes the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the actresses remembers that the farmer behind the son ignores the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the actresses says that the friend beside the sons defends the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the boys declares that the brother beside the friend stops the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the daughters remembers that the sister before the actresses attracts the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the farmers remembers that the mother beside the brothers interrupts the men	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the fathers remembers that the son before the farmer blocks the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the friends declares that the farmer beside the sons stops the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the men remembers that the farmer beside the boys greets the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the men remembers that the father beside the brothers watches the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the men says that the farmer beside the father avoids the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the women says that the mother before the daughter observes the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the farmers says that the mother near the daughters blocks the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the students declares that the actor beside the boy greets the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the students remembers that the mother behind the girls watches the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the actors remembers that the mother near the girls ignores the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the farmers remembers that the actress beside the friends meets the student	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the fathers says that the farmer near the friend defends the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the friends says that the sister near the fathers attracts the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the actresses remembers that the mother behind the daughters meets the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the fathers remembers that the friend near the farmers blocks the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the fathers says that the actor near the sons interrupts the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the mothers declares that the son near the student observes the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the students remembers that the friend behind the farmer watches the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the students says that the daughter near the mother stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the students says that the mother behind the daughters stops the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the actors declares that the friend behind the student ignores the father	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the actors remembers that the brother before the friends stops the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the actresses declares that the farmer behind the friends interrupts the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the actresses remembers that the brother beside the sons observes the students	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the brothers declares that the daughter before the friend blocks the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the farmers says that the student beside the friend observes the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the fathers declares that the daughter beside the sister watches the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the fathers remembers that the student beside the actor ignores the son	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the friends declares that the farmer before the sons interrupts the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the sisters declares that the girl beside the son interrupts the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the daughter remembers that the friends beside the women meet the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the farmer remembers that the students beside the brother stop the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the father declares that the sisters behind the men observe the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the woman says that the mothers behind the student attract the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the woman says that the students beside the farmer observe the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the brother declares that the students before the friend avoid the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the brother remembers that the friends beside the farmer meet the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the farmer declares that the friends beside the women observe the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the friend remembers that the boys before the students greet the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the mother remembers that the girls near the women attract the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the brother remembers that the mothers behind the student avoid the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the girl declares that the farmers behind the sisters avoid the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the man remembers that the mothers near the students avoid the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the mother says that the boys near the brothers attract the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the son says that the farmers before the friend block the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the brother remembers that the girls before the fathers know the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the farmer declares that the brothers before the friends avoid the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the father remembers that the students before the daughter defend the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the girl declares that the daughters before the friend interrupt the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the mother says that the women before the friends meet the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the sister remembers that the girls beside the mother know the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the son declares that the boys behind the brother greet the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the son says that the brothers beside the fathers attract the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the farmer declares that the students near the sons watch the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the mother remembers that the sons behind the students observe the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the mother remembers that the students beside the friend avoid the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the student declares that the sisters behind the daughter know the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the brother remembers that the farmers near the women defend the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the daughter says that the boys before the farmer interrupt the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the farmer declares that the sisters beside the girls ignore the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the father remembers that the friends before the farmer defend the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the friend remembers that the girls before the man interrupt the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the friend remembers that the mothers near the farmers meet the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the friend says that the students beside the sisters ignore the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the sister says that the fathers before the friends greet the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the student says that the brothers beside the farmers block the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the boy says that the friends before the mothers defend the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the brother remembers that the friends near the farmer block the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the farmer declares that the sisters before the students avoid the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the farmer says that the brothers behind the boy interrupt the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the farmer says that the brothers near the boys ignore the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the friend remembers that the students behind the father stop the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the friend says that the girls before the fathers attract the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the man remembers that the students near the friends stop the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the sister says that the daughters before the mother greet the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the brother says that the farmers before the fathers greet the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the father says that the women beside the daughters attract the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friend declares that the fathers beside the boy know the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the girl declares that the sisters beside the farmers ignore the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the student declares that the fathers beside the man meet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the actor declares that the women beside the fathers know the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the actor says that the sons behind the fathers know the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the farmer says that the sisters beside the fathers avoid the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the man declares that the friends beside the actress watch the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the man says that the fathers near the farmer interrupt the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the mother remembers that the friends behind the son observe the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the sister declares that the sons near the students greet the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the student says that the friends beside the man block the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the actor says that the fathers beside the sons know the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the father remembers that the sisters before the actors defend the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the father remembers that the sons before the friends attract the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the man declares that the sons beside the fathers observe the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the mother declares that the farmers beside the women block the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the sister remembers that the mothers beside the actors attract the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the son remembers that the students beside the friend stop the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the son says that the women near the brother stop the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the student declares that the brothers beside the women know the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the student remembers that the mothers near the daughter defend the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the woman remembers that the farmers near the actress observe the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the farmer declares that the sisters behind the men defend the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the farmer remembers that the actors near the sons block the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the farmer says that the sisters near the fathers welcome the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the friend declares that the students behind the man ignore the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the man says that the friends before the actresses stop the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the sister remembers that the students before the sons know the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the student declares that the brothers near the farmers know the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the student declares that the women near the farmer greet the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the student says that the fathers behind the sisters know the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the daughter remembers that the actresses beside the student block the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the friend remembers that the women beside the farmers know the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the man declares that the actresses beside the students interrupt the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the mother says that the students before the sister stop the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the son declares that the actresses beside the sisters greet the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the student declares that the actresses before the friend avoid the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the student remembers that the actresses behind the sister greet the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the actor says that the mothers near the farmers meet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the boy remembers that the actors behind the mothers meet the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the boy remembers that the fathers beside the friend interrupt the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the farmer says that the men beside the boys block the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the father declares that the farmers behind the friends ignore the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the son declares that the farmers behind the friend block the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the daughter says that the friends beside the farmer interrupt the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the daughter says that the mothers before the friend defend the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the farmer declares that the friends beside the sons welcome the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the farmer declares that the students before the friend ignore the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the father declares that the farmers beside the woman block the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the friend declares that the actors beside the boy interrupt the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the friend remembers that the farmers beside the actors ignore the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the man declares that the mothers near the actresses meet the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the man says that the farmers before the actor avoid the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the son says that the boys before the farmers greet the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the son says that the mothers near the farmer meet the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the student declares that the farmers near the actress know the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the student says that the actresses beside the sons know the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the student says that the mothers before the friends observe the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the farmer declares that the mothers near the student watch the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the friend declares that the men behind the students defend the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the mother declares that the farmers near the student avoid the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the mother remembers that the actresses behind the friends know the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the son declares that the farmers behind the actors ignore the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the student remembers that the fathers behind the actors defend the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the friend says that the mothers before the farmer greet the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the girl declares that the women behind the friends meet the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the man declares that the students beside the father watch the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the man remembers that the actresses beside the farmers defend the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the student remembers that the mothers before the girls watch the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the brother remembers that the actors near the girls meet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the farmer declares that the actors near the sisters stop the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the farmer declares that the girls behind the men stop the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the farmer says that the boys near the friend block the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the friend remembers that the sisters near the man know the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the student remembers that the boys beside the men meet the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the student says that the fathers near the farmer greet the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the farmer says that the students near the friends meet the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the friend remembers that the sisters near the actresses observe the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the girl remembers that the actresses before the woman watch the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the man says that the students near the fathers know the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the sister declares that the actors before the boys meet the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the student remembers that the girls beside the fathers meet the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the boy remembers that the fathers near the man know the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the friend says that the brothers behind the farmer welcome the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the girl remembers that the actors before the students know the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the girl says that the students behind the sisters know the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the man remembers that the farmers before the boy avoid the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the mother remembers that the farmers before the students stop the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the student says that the boys behind the actor ignore the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actor declares that the friends before the boys observe the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actor declares that the men before the farmers know the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actor says that the farmers behind the man ignore the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actress declares that the fathers before the woman defend the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actress remembers that the farmers before the boy attract the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actress says that the students beside the girls greet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the brother declares that the farmers beside the mother ignore the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the farmer declares that the fathers beside the girl interrupt the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the father says that the friends before the farmer avoid the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the friend says that the men before the sister defend the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the sister declares that the fathers before the student observe the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actor remembers that the daughters near the man greet the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actor says that the brothers behind the students stop the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actress declares that the mothers near the daughters defend the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the brother says that the actresses behind the friends observe the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the daughter declares that the men behind the girl greet the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the daughter says that the sisters behind the student interrupt the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the father remembers that the sisters beside the students defend the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the friend remembers that the daughters beside the brothers ignore the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the girl remembers that the mothers beside the student ignore the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the man says that the daughters near the sister welcome the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the sister declares that the men near the boy observe the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the sister says that the friends behind the mothers stop the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the son says that the actresses beside the mothers attract the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the student declares that the friends beside the actresses defend the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the student says that the fathers near the actors avoid the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the woman remembers that the sons near the girl ignore the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the woman says that the sisters behind the sons attract the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the daughter declares that the students beside the boy observe the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the daughter says that the boys beside the student ignore the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the friend declares that the actresses near the students avoid the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the friend remembers that the students beside the boys interrupt the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the girl remembers that the actresses before the sister know the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the man remembers that the boys beside the actor watch the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the mother remembers that the girls near the friends attract the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the mother says that the girls before the actresses welcome the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the sister says that the students near the actors know the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the son declares that the actors before the father interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the son declares that the actresses beside the mothers observe the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the student says that the sisters beside the friends stop the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actor says that the students behind the fathers greet the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actress declares that the boys near the daughters interrupt the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actress declares that the friends before the son watch the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actress remembers that the brothers behind the women greet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actress says that the friends near the men greet the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the daughter remembers that the brothers behind the actors watch the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the daughter says that the brothers behind the student observe the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the father declares that the friends before the brothers meet the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the father declares that the girls near the student meet the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friend declares that the actors behind the brother know the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friend remembers that the mothers behind the woman attract the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the girl declares that the sons behind the friend know the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the girl declares that the students behind the mothers meet the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the mother says that the brothers behind the student ignore the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the sister declares that the boys near the friend avoid the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the sister remembers that the actresses behind the student stop the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the student remembers that the friends before the actresses ignore the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the student says that the fathers near the son ignore the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actress remembers that the sons before the girls know the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the father declares that the boys beside the sisters observe the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the father remembers that the daughters beside the woman stop the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the father remembers that the friends behind the brother know the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the friend declares that the actresses before the sister block the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the friend declares that the mothers before the brother avoid the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the friend says that the students beside the girls defend the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the girl declares that the sons before the students welcome the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the man declares that the friends before the student observe the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the man declares that the students behind the sons welcome the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the sister declares that the friends beside the mother stop the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the son remembers that the actors beside the students interrupt the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the son says that the women behind the girl greet the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the student declares that the fathers beside the girl welcome the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the student says that the friends before the brothers meet the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the student says that the women behind the mother block the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the woman remembers that the actors behind the friend watch the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the woman remembers that the brothers behind the actors interrupt the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the actor says that the sons beside the sister greet the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the boy declares that the sisters behind the farmers greet the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the farmer remembers that the students near the actor defend the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the farmer says that the students beside the son greet the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the man declares that the friends behind the boys know the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the student declares that the friends beside the actor watch the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the actor remembers that the farmers near the friend observe the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the actor says that the friends near the boy greet the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the boy says that the daughters before the women know the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the brother remembers that the girls before the actresses observe the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the brother says that the farmers beside the actress avoid the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the daughter remembers that the farmers beside the men watch the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the farmer remembers that the men before the actors avoid the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the friend declares that the sisters near the daughter know the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the girl says that the men before the student greet the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the man declares that the friends before the farmer watch the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the sister remembers that the friends before the student know the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the brother remembers that the sons before the farmer greet the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the daughter remembers that the men near the actresses observe the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the friend says that the actors near the girls avoid the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the girl declares that the actors behind the man defend the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the actor says that the farmers before the women avoid the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the daughter says that the women beside the boys avoid the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the farmer declares that the students beside the son know the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the farmer remembers that the sons beside the woman attract the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the friend remembers that the actresses behind the brother block the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the man declares that the boys beside the actor ignore the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the actor says that the men beside the father observe the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the daughter declares that the mothers near the brother stop the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the student remembers that the actresses behind the woman observe the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the student remembers that the boys beside the man ignore the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the student says that the mothers beside the brother know the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the actress declares that the sisters before the boys meet the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the brother remembers that the sons near the men watch the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the brother says that the men beside the daughters ignore the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the farmer remembers that the women near the student defend the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the girl declares that the fathers near the actors block the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the man says that the actors near the farmers know the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the sister declares that the girls near the man avoid the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the sister declares that the students beside the daughter observe the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the sister says that the fathers near the sons welcome the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the student declares that the brothers before the daughters watch the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the student declares that the fathers beside the girl stop the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the student declares that the fathers near the girls meet the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the student declares that the women beside the daughters avoid the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the woman declares that the fathers near the brother watch the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the woman declares that the mothers near the sisters ignore the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actress remembers that the brothers before the women block the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the brother remembers that the sons behind the student greet the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the brother says that the actresses behind the women meet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the farmer remembers that the boys near the men meet the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the farmer remembers that the brothers near the sons block the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the father declares that the sons near the actress know the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the father says that the actors near the women avoid the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the girl says that the sons behind the man know the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the man says that the actors behind the girl interrupt the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the sister remembers that the fathers behind the boys meet the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the son remembers that the actors near the mother greet the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the student declares that the farmers behind the man observe the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the student says that the actresses before the daughter block the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the student says that the actresses behind the mothers stop the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the woman says that the sons near the mother welcome the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the actor remembers that the sisters before the man stop the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the daughter remembers that the boys beside the brothers observe the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmer remembers that the actresses before the sister know the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmer remembers that the students before the woman know the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the father remembers that the sisters behind the girl meet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the girl declares that the brothers beside the sons stop the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the mother declares that the sons behind the brothers ignore the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the mother says that the girls behind the actresses welcome the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the mother says that the men beside the actress know the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the sister declares that the women beside the farmer know the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the student declares that the sisters behind the women observe the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the woman declares that the farmers before the mothers meet the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the woman remembers that the students behind the girls attract the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the brother says that the farmers behind the son observe the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the farmer declares that the actresses near the friends welcome the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the farmer declares that the friends behind the brothers avoid the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the farmer says that the daughters beside the father stop the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the farmer says that the students beside the brothers block the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the man declares that the farmers beside the friends meet the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the son remembers that the women near the friend observe the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the actor declares that the farmers before the daughter block the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the actor says that the friends before the mothers block the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the friend declares that the farmers near the sister interrupt the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the man says that the actors near the farmer defend the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the student declares that the mothers before the friend block the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the woman says that the actresses near the fathers avoid the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the daughter declares that the farmers behind the actresses welcome the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the farmer remembers that the sons near the actor interrupt the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the father declares that the farmers beside the student observe the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the friend declares that the farmers behind the students observe the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the friend declares that the sisters beside the mothers know the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the mother says that the sisters beside the daughters stop the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the son says that the brothers beside the actress attract the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the actor declares that the farmers beside the fathers interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the actor says that the friends behind the son greet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the brother says that the boys near the daughter defend the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the father remembers that the sons near the students attract the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the friend remembers that the farmers near the sisters observe the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the girl remembers that the mothers near the friend know the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the sister remembers that the girls beside the friends know the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the student declares that the daughters behind the brothers avoid the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the student declares that the friends near the actor know the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the student says that the friends behind the daughter attract the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the actress remembers that the sons beside the friend attract the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the boy declares that the brothers near the mother observe the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the boy says that the mothers beside the actress interrupt the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the farmer declares that the friends before the student welcome the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the farmer says that the actresses before the boys observe the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the friend remembers that the brothers near the fathers stop the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the girl says that the farmers near the daughter stop the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the mother says that the farmers beside the sons welcome the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the sister says that the daughters near the mother stop the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the daughter remembers that the brothers near the actress ignore the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the farmer declares that the friends near the sisters observe the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the student declares that the friends behind the sisters welcome the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the actress remembers that the friends before the farmer meet the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the brother declares that the boys beside the students watch the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the brother declares that the farmers beside the boy know the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the daughter declares that the boys behind the fathers watch the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the farmer remembers that the daughters behind the students stop the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the friend remembers that the fathers beside the daughter defend the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the mother remembers that the daughters before the friend greet the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the son says that the friends beside the actresses interrupt the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the brother says that the students behind the men meet the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the daughter remembers that the women behind the friend avoid the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the man declares that the brothers near the farmers watch the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the man says that the boys beside the farmers block the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the sister declares that the women beside the friend meet the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the student says that the daughters near the friend stop the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the actor declares that the girls before the farmer meet the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the actor remembers that the friends before the farmer avoid the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the actor remembers that the sisters before the farmer defend the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the brother remembers that the girls before the men observe the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friend remembers that the sons before the farmers watch the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friend says that the sisters before the actress interrupt the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the student declares that the farmers beside the men know the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the student declares that the men beside the friends defend the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the actress declares that the students before the boys know the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the brother says that the friends behind the woman defend the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the daughter declares that the actresses near the students watch the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the friend remembers that the actresses behind the girl avoid the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the friend remembers that the sisters before the daughter block the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the girl says that the farmers before the man avoid the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the sister declares that the boys near the friend avoid the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the son remembers that the boys behind the man attract the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the actor says that the brothers before the man welcome the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the actress says that the friends behind the students interrupt the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the boy remembers that the farmers before the sons defend the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the daughter remembers that the farmers beside the girls ignore the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the daughter says that the girls behind the man welcome the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the friend remembers that the actresses behind the brother watch the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the son declares that the boys before the friends block the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the son says that the students before the friends block the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the student declares that the sons before the girl interrupt the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the student remembers that the friends before the actors ignore the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the student remembers that the friends before the sisters observe the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the student says that the actresses behind the women greet the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the actress declares that the friends beside the boys interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the actress declares that the sons behind the women know the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the actress remembers that the mothers near the boy block the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the actress says that the farmers near the woman attract the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the actress says that the students behind the friend know the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the farmer remembers that the actors near the daughters ignore the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the father remembers that the actresses near the student watch the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the friend says that the boys near the farmers know the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the girl says that the students behind the daughters observe the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the man remembers that the actresses near the farmer observe the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the mother says that the students beside the friends greet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the student declares that the friends behind the sons welcome the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the actor remembers that the men before the fathers avoid the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the farmer remembers that the mothers near the boys defend the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the father says that the farmers beside the students ignore the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the friend remembers that the fathers near the actresses avoid the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the mother remembers that the farmers before the student avoid the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the farmer says that the actresses before the daughters greet the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the father says that the friends near the farmer greet the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the mother says that the actors behind the farmers ignore the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the student says that the boys before the farmers welcome the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the actor declares that the farmers behind the girl greet the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the actor declares that the friends beside the daughter interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the boy declares that the men before the mothers know the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the farmer remembers that the women beside the father attract the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the farmer says that the men beside the girl defend the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the friend declares that the daughters beside the actor meet the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the friend remembers that the farmers behind the father avoid the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the student says that the actresses behind the woman avoid the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the father declares that the boys near the sister watch the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the father says that the women near the boy meet the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the friend declares that the girls beside the women greet the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the friend says that the farmers beside the woman stop the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the student says that the brothers beside the friends stop the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the actress remembers that the farmers before the mothers stop the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the girl declares that the students near the fathers greet the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the student declares that the fathers near the farmer watch the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the student says that the mothers beside the farmer defend the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the boy declares that the farmers before the man welcome the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the father says that the friends behind the sisters avoid the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the man says that the students near the actors meet the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the student remembers that the fathers near the actress greet the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the student says that the girls near the farmers observe the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the woman says that the actors near the farmer attract the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the boy remembers that the students behind the actors greet the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the father declares that the boys behind the farmer ignore the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the friend declares that the farmers behind the man ignore the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the friend remembers that the actresses beside the women block the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the friend says that the mothers behind the student greet the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the mother declares that the actresses behind the woman block the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the student declares that the brothers beside the friend know the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the student remembers that the friends behind the actor meet the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the student says that the boys before the mothers ignore the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the student says that the women beside the sisters stop the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the woman remembers that the actors behind the friends stop the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the brother declares that the farmers beside the girls defend the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the brother declares that the friends near the mother interrupt the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the daughter declares that the actors beside the friends ignore the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the friend declares that the brothers beside the actors block the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the friend declares that the brothers beside the actresses defend the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the girl says that the friends near the father meet the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the man declares that the girls near the mother stop the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the sister declares that the women beside the mother greet the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the woman declares that the actors beside the brothers watch the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the actor declares that the farmers near the friend observe the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the actor remembers that the mothers before the man watch the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the actress declares that the sisters near the father greet the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the actress remembers that the farmers near the daughter defend the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the boy remembers that the actors before the friend observe the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the daughter declares that the women near the actors watch the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer declares that the friends near the daughter meet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer declares that the women near the mothers ignore the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer declares that the women near the son block the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer remembers that the actors near the sister attract the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer remembers that the boys before the daughter know the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer remembers that the daughters near the friend stop the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer remembers that the daughters near the men greet the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer remembers that the sisters beside the mother avoid the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmer says that the brothers before the boy greet the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the friend declares that the boys near the mother welcome the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the friend declares that the sisters beside the man observe the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the man remembers that the actors near the sons stop the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the mother says that the friends beside the girls attract the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the mother says that the sisters beside the friend know the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the woman says that the farmers near the boy meet the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the actress says that the daughters near the brother know the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the boy says that the friends before the fathers avoid the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the brother remembers that the women near the son defend the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughter declares that the boys near the friends meet the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughter remembers that the boys near the sisters greet the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughter says that the friends before the boys interrupt the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the farmer says that the women near the friends meet the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the father declares that the men before the girls stop the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the friend declares that the farmers near the son greet the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the friend declares that the farmers near the woman meet the fathers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the friend remembers that the sisters before the mother block the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the friend says that the mothers near the girl block the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the girl remembers that the fathers near the women watch the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the mother says that the sisters before the farmer defend the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the sister says that the farmers near the actors attract the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the son declares that the boys behind the actors observe the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the son says that the sisters behind the actresses interrupt the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the actor declares that the fathers before the son ignore the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the actress declares that the farmers behind the sister greet the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the brother remembers that the boys beside the farmers avoid the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the daughter remembers that the friends before the girls know the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the father declares that the farmers before the woman watch the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the friend says that the daughters behind the mothers welcome the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the mother remembers that the women behind the friend block the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the mother says that the boys beside the friend stop the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the sister says that the actors before the mother attract the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the sister says that the men behind the actors greet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the son declares that the brothers before the girl interrupt the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the boy remembers that the actors beside the brothers attract the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the boy says that the farmers near the students meet the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the brother says that the students behind the farmer attract the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the farmer remembers that the friends near the fathers stop the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the friend declares that the fathers beside the actors interrupt the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the friend declares that the students near the sisters meet the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the friend says that the boys behind the student attract the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the girl declares that the daughters near the farmer avoid the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the boy says that the farmers before the daughters meet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the daughter says that the actresses beside the friends ignore the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the girl says that the students near the fathers avoid the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the son says that the sisters near the farmers know the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the father remembers that the farmers before the friends know the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the friend remembers that the students before the mother observe the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the girl declares that the sons behind the father greet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the sister declares that the friends near the actresses interrupt the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the sister says that the friends near the actor observe the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the student remembers that the brothers before the actors greet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the actor says that the mothers behind the friend meet the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the actress says that the mothers beside the students block the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the brother declares that the sons behind the student meet the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the daughter declares that the girls beside the mothers ignore the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the daughter remembers that the boys beside the student block the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the friend declares that the students behind the mother greet the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the friend remembers that the brothers beside the son know the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the son remembers that the friends before the brother greet the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the son remembers that the friends beside the students observe the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the student says that the daughters behind the farmers ignore the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the boys remembers that the farmers behind the friend block the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the boys says that the sons behind the farmers ignore the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the daughters declares that the brothers beside the girls defend the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the farmers says that the brothers beside the man block the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the farmers says that the girls beside the fathers interrupt the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the friends declares that the students near the girls welcome the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the friends remembers that the brothers near the student interrupt the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the girls declares that the students beside the women defend the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor before the sisters says that the men near the boys block the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the boys says that the farmers beside the friend meet the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the brothers declares that the students near the friends greet the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the farmers remembers that the daughters before the friend defend the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the farmers says that the friends before the sister ignore the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor behind the students declares that the brothers before the woman defend the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the boys remembers that the mothers before the friend meet the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the daughters remembers that the brothers before the students meet the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the farmers declares that the friends behind the student block the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the men remembers that the sons near the friend block the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the sisters declares that the friends behind the father meet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the students remembers that the sisters near the girls know the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor beside the women declares that the brothers near the daughters observe the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the friends declares that the daughters behind the girls greet the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the men declares that the friends beside the brother avoid the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the sons declares that the brothers before the boys avoid the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actor near the students declares that the daughters before the friend stop the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the brothers says that the students beside the man ignore the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the farmers declares that the friends behind the fathers greet the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the men declares that the fathers behind the friend stop the son	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress before the men says that the girls near the students attract the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the boys remembers that the men beside the mother know the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the brothers declares that the daughters near the men ignore the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the friends declares that the farmers near the mothers defend the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the mothers declares that the friends before the student interrupt the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the mothers remembers that the students before the man observe the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the mothers says that the friends near the girls block the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress behind the students says that the daughters near the sisters ignore the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the boys declares that the friends near the women watch the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the brothers says that the farmers before the friend welcome the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the farmers remembers that the brothers behind the father block the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the friends declares that the daughters before the sister meet the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the girls says that the students behind the farmers block the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the men remembers that the girls before the father observe the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the students declares that the friends before the farmers interrupt the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress beside the students remembers that the fathers before the son know the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the boys declares that the sisters before the man meet the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the boys says that the farmers before the student defend the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the brothers says that the girls before the friend attract the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the brothers says that the girls beside the mother avoid the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the daughters says that the brothers beside the girl stop the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the fathers remembers that the sisters before the man interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friends declares that the students before the sister interrupt the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friends declares that the women beside the sisters ignore the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friends remembers that the brothers beside the students attract the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friends remembers that the students beside the fathers interrupt the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the friends says that the boys beside the brothers attract the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the men declares that the sons beside the farmers defend the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the men says that the students beside the girls know the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the sisters remembers that the daughters behind the student defend the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the sons remembers that the farmers before the sister know the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actress near the students remembers that the girls beside the daughters meet the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the actors says that the friends near the mother greet the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the actresses declares that the students near the brothers observe the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the actresses says that the sons beside the farmers welcome the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the brothers declares that the actresses near the friends greet the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the farmers declares that the sisters near the daughter defend the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the mothers declares that the farmers behind the brothers watch the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the sisters says that the men beside the friends interrupt the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the sons declares that the friends behind the sister ignore the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy before the students remembers that the farmers behind the brothers ignore the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the actresses declares that the sisters beside the fathers welcome the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the farmers remembers that the brothers near the man greet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the mothers says that the brothers near the farmers avoid the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy behind the sons declares that the sisters beside the farmer avoid the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the actors declares that the students behind the women block the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the farmers says that the daughters behind the friend attract the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the friends says that the farmers near the student defend the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the mothers remembers that the friends near the brothers block the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy beside the sisters remembers that the actors before the son meet the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the daughters declares that the mothers behind the friends greet the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the farmers declares that the sons behind the actress block the mothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the farmers remembers that the sons behind the mother avoid the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the friends says that the mothers behind the students greet the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the men declares that the daughters behind the farmer avoid the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the sisters says that the friends behind the daughter stop the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the students declares that the farmers behind the women know the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boy near the women says that the farmers before the mother meet the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the boys declares that the actresses behind the students watch the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the daughters says that the actresses behind the boys attract the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the farmers declares that the friends behind the actresses ignore the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the friends remembers that the mothers beside the farmers meet the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother before the friends remembers that the students beside the boy ignore the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the actresses remembers that the boys beside the friends interrupt the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the farmers remembers that the friends near the girls ignore the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the fathers says that the farmers near the women observe the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the friends remembers that the actors beside the mothers greet the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the girls declares that the farmers near the mothers meet the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother behind the sons remembers that the friends beside the farmer attract the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the actors remembers that the friends near the woman interrupt the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the actresses declares that the men behind the friend observe the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the fathers says that the friends before the students interrupt the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the friends says that the students near the boy defend the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the girls declares that the sons behind the friends welcome the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the men remembers that the girls near the students know the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the students declares that the sons before the farmers interrupt the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother beside the students says that the men before the farmer observe the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the actresses declares that the daughters before the boys ignore the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the mothers declares that the actors before the boys ignore the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the mothers says that the women beside the boys attract the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the sons remembers that the students behind the actors meet the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brother near the students remembers that the daughters before the mothers interrupt the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the actors remembers that the students near the girl greet the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the boys declares that the actors beside the farmers welcome the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the farmers says that the actors behind the sister stop the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the men remembers that the boys beside the actors stop the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter before the students declares that the girls near the brother stop the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the boys says that the brothers before the actresses defend the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the fathers remembers that the sisters beside the farmer interrupt the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the friends declares that the farmers near the actor know the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the girls declares that the actresses beside the mothers observe the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the girls remembers that the men before the farmer defend the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter behind the sisters says that the students near the woman observe the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the actors remembers that the women behind the father observe the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the boys says that the mothers before the men ignore the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the brothers declares that the actors before the students block the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the fathers says that the friends near the sisters meet the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the friends says that the women behind the farmer interrupt the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the girls remembers that the women near the actors meet the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the girls says that the fathers behind the friends know the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the mothers declares that the men before the friend watch the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the mothers remembers that the sisters near the friend interrupt the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the sisters declares that the girls behind the actresses interrupt the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the students remembers that the mothers before the friends defend the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter beside the students says that the actresses near the farmer block the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actresses says that the sisters before the student interrupt the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the actresses says that the students before the farmers avoid the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the friends declares that the farmers before the men meet the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the friends remembers that the men beside the sisters watch the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughter near the men says that the girls behind the farmer defend the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actors remembers that the men near the girls block the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actors says that the women behind the brothers observe the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actresses declares that the students near the boys meet the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the actresses says that the sons beside the sisters defend the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the boys declares that the brothers near the students interrupt the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the brothers remembers that the friends near the woman meet the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the brothers remembers that the sons behind the friends interrupt the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the fathers declares that the boys beside the son welcome the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the fathers declares that the boys beside the sons know the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the friends declares that the boys behind the daughters know the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the men declares that the brothers behind the sons watch the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the mothers remembers that the men beside the friend interrupt the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the sisters remembers that the women behind the son greet the boy	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the students remembers that the sisters near the son interrupt the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the students remembers that the women behind the actresses interrupt the sister	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the students says that the mothers beside the sisters know the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the women declares that the friends near the mother observe the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer before the women declares that the mothers near the sister block the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the boys says that the sons near the students defend the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the daughters remembers that the girls beside the mothers ignore the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the men declares that the daughters near the sisters defend the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the mothers remembers that the actors before the son stop the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the mothers says that the women near the student stop the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the sisters declares that the students beside the mothers interrupt the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the sisters remembers that the students before the men interrupt the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the students declares that the actresses before the sisters avoid the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the students says that the actors near the girl block the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer behind the students says that the girls beside the actresses meet the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actresses remembers that the brothers before the woman interrupt the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actresses remembers that the friends before the girl ignore the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the actresses says that the sons before the students avoid the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the boys declares that the sisters near the students meet the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the brothers declares that the students before the man observe the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the daughters remembers that the fathers near the girls meet the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the daughters remembers that the students behind the brother greet the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the fathers says that the sons behind the brother know the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friends declares that the brothers behind the girl welcome the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friends remembers that the sons before the actor meet the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the friends says that the students behind the girl avoid the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the girls declares that the women near the sons greet the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the men declares that the actors before the student know the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the men declares that the students behind the father ignore the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the men remembers that the girls before the mothers block the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the mothers remembers that the friends behind the daughter attract the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the mothers remembers that the friends behind the student meet the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the sisters declares that the students behind the actors ignore the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the sisters remembers that the girls before the student watch the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the sons says that the boys behind the sisters attract the men	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the students declares that the actors near the friends stop the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the students remembers that the women behind the friends observe the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the students says that the daughters near the sister observe the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer beside the women says that the friends near the fathers defend the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actors declares that the daughters before the girls know the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actors declares that the friends behind the fathers know the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actors remembers that the students before the fathers know the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actors says that the students behind the man block the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actresses declares that the boys before the men stop the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the actresses declares that the friends behind the sister watch the men	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the boys declares that the students behind the actor avoid the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the boys says that the daughters before the father interrupt the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the daughters remembers that the men beside the students meet the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the friends says that the fathers behind the student avoid the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the girls declares that the friends beside the student observe the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the girls says that the students behind the friend greet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the mothers declares that the actresses beside the man avoid the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the mothers declares that the men before the student greet the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the mothers says that the girls behind the student meet the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the mothers says that the sons before the men greet the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the mothers says that the students behind the actor welcome the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the sisters remembers that the actors beside the friend defend the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the sons remembers that the women beside the students meet the fathers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the students declares that the sisters behind the mothers know the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the students remembers that the actresses before the friends stop the girls	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the women remembers that the students before the friends observe the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmer near the women says that the students behind the daughter welcome the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the boys remembers that the sons behind the man watch the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the girls declares that the friends near the woman know the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the sisters says that the sons beside the boys ignore the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father before the students declares that the sisters near the friend know the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the boys remembers that the sisters beside the students defend the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the daughters remembers that the sisters beside the girls defend the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the friends remembers that the students before the farmers stop the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the men remembers that the friends beside the son block the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the sons remembers that the students before the friends observe the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father behind the students says that the farmers near the sisters defend the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the actresses declares that the brothers near the boys ignore the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the actresses remembers that the students before the sons watch the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the boys says that the sisters near the student interrupt the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the brothers declares that the women near the girl welcome the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the brothers says that the students before the actress ignore the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the farmers says that the brothers near the boys ignore the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the farmers says that the girls near the student block the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the friends declares that the daughters behind the man know the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the friends remembers that the brothers near the student block the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the friends says that the men near the boys know the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the girls declares that the friends before the farmer watch the actors	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the girls remembers that the students near the actor block the sons	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the men says that the farmers near the brother meet the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the students remembers that the boys before the daughters stop the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father beside the women says that the farmers behind the daughter welcome the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the boys remembers that the brothers behind the students ignore the farmer	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the brothers remembers that the farmers behind the woman observe the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the brothers says that the actresses before the farmer attract the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the daughters remembers that the students before the farmers defend the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the farmers says that the men before the student meet the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the men declares that the boys beside the farmer interrupt the daughter	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the sons says that the brothers beside the woman stop the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The father near the sons says that the men before the sisters block the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the actors declares that the brothers behind the women know the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the boys remembers that the students behind the father know the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the boys says that the farmers near the student interrupt the woman	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the brothers declares that the girls behind the actress watch the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the daughters declares that the actors behind the farmers observe the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the daughters says that the sisters behind the student avoid the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the farmers declares that the mothers behind the actor watch the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the farmers says that the brothers behind the actresses block the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the farmers says that the women near the sister ignore the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the fathers declares that the farmers near the actor know the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the fathers says that the girls beside the actress block the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the sisters declares that the actresses beside the boy ignore the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the sisters remembers that the men beside the daughter meet the students	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the sons remembers that the students behind the farmers stop the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the students says that the boys near the son attract the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the students says that the sisters behind the actors ignore the son	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend before the women remembers that the sisters behind the son avoid the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the actors declares that the sisters before the man know the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the actors remembers that the farmers near the brothers observe the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the actresses declares that the boys near the students greet the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the boys declares that the mothers beside the son ignore the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the boys remembers that the sons near the farmers attract the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the brothers says that the daughters beside the actresses ignore the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the farmers declares that the girls before the men watch the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the farmers remembers that the sons before the man greet the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the farmers says that the sisters beside the men interrupt the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend behind the men declares that the girls near the fathers meet the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actors declares that the sons behind the student welcome the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actors remembers that the daughters before the student watch the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actors says that the boys behind the brother attract the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actors says that the farmers near the brother greet the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actors says that the girls near the men block the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actresses declares that the boys before the daughter observe the woman	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the actresses remembers that the mothers near the student defend the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the boys says that the fathers near the daughters observe the sister	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the farmers declares that the daughters near the students watch the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the farmers says that the mothers near the actors observe the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the girls says that the farmers near the sister observe the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the mothers remembers that the farmers near the sons avoid the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the sisters remembers that the actors behind the man defend the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the sisters remembers that the students before the farmer attract the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend beside the students remembers that the sons behind the sister attract the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the actresses says that the women beside the fathers stop the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the boys declares that the sisters behind the daughters interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the boys declares that the sons behind the actors interrupt the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the brothers remembers that the students beside the boys attract the son	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the daughters says that the sisters beside the girl defend the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmers declares that the boys behind the student greet the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the farmers remembers that the actresses beside the daughters attract the women	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the sisters remembers that the actresses before the girls attract the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the sisters says that the farmers beside the sons meet the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the sons says that the actresses before the student know the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the students remembers that the brothers behind the mother block the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the students says that the daughters behind the actresses stop the brothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the women declares that the mothers before the farmer observe the students	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friend near the women declares that the sons before the actor block the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the brothers remembers that the farmers beside the friends interrupt the actor	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the daughters says that the women behind the students interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the farmers declares that the daughters beside the mothers stop the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the farmers declares that the fathers near the friends know the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the friends remembers that the men near the students attract the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the mothers declares that the daughters beside the actresses interrupt the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the sons remembers that the friends near the mother avoid the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl before the students says that the actresses near the woman ignore the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the actors remembers that the farmers beside the brothers attract the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the actresses declares that the friends beside the brother observe the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the actresses remembers that the students near the fathers watch the brother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the farmers declares that the mothers before the brothers meet the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the farmers remembers that the actresses before the sisters interrupt the women	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl behind the mothers says that the daughters beside the brothers greet the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the actors remembers that the mothers before the son avoid the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl beside the students remembers that the sons before the actress know the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the actors says that the sisters before the farmers interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the actresses declares that the farmers beside the friend know the daughters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the actresses declares that the friends behind the sister watch the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the fathers remembers that the farmers behind the friend defend the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the fathers remembers that the sisters before the friend block the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the friends says that the sons beside the farmers ignore the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the students remembers that the mothers beside the actor stop the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girl near the students says that the actors behind the sisters greet the mothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the actresses declares that the boys behind the father block the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the boys remembers that the actresses behind the friend meet the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the boys remembers that the fathers beside the daughters defend the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the farmers remembers that the students near the friend observe the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the friends remembers that the girls behind the farmer observe the actors	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the friends says that the students behind the father know the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the sons declares that the mothers near the girls block the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man before the sons says that the fathers near the farmers interrupt the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the actors declares that the boys before the mother welcome the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the actresses remembers that the daughters before the girl avoid the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the farmers declares that the actors beside the brothers stop the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the farmers says that the girls beside the sister interrupt the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the fathers says that the farmers before the actress meet the sons	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the fathers says that the farmers near the sons block the student	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the mothers remembers that the actresses beside the friends attract the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man behind the students says that the boys near the daughter know the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the brothers says that the sons near the boys stop the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the farmers remembers that the students before the friends stop the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the friends declares that the girls behind the daughter defend the actor	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the friends says that the boys before the brother attract the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the girls declares that the students behind the farmers observe the daughters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the girls says that the actresses behind the brother attract the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the mothers says that the farmers near the girl stop the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the students says that the friends before the actor defend the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man beside the students says that the girls before the actors attract the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the boys declares that the farmers beside the fathers greet the sisters	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the fathers says that the sons beside the sister greet the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the fathers says that the students behind the farmer know the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the friends declares that the students beside the sons greet the sisters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The man near the mothers remembers that the farmers before the friends meet the boys	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the actors declares that the sons behind the students greet the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the daughters says that the friends behind the farmers observe the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the farmers says that the boys beside the sisters observe the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the farmers says that the brothers near the student greet the girls	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the men declares that the friends near the students interrupt the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the sisters remembers that the farmers behind the actress attract the women	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the sons declares that the students near the farmer ignore the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother before the women says that the friends beside the brother observe the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the actors says that the farmers before the brother welcome the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the brothers remembers that the friends beside the actors interrupt the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the daughters says that the actresses before the boys ignore the sisters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friends declares that the boys before the women meet the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friends remembers that the farmers beside the sister attract the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the friends says that the actors before the farmer welcome the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the students remembers that the farmers beside the sons avoid the man	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the students remembers that the women before the farmer watch the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the women says that the brothers near the students stop the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother behind the women says that the friends near the daughter attract the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the boys says that the farmers near the men stop the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the brothers declares that the students before the woman welcome the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the daughters says that the friends near the students block the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the friends says that the students behind the brothers know the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the girls says that the farmers before the brothers welcome the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the men declares that the farmers near the friend know the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the sons says that the friends before the girl interrupt the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother beside the students declares that the farmers before the men defend the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the daughters declares that the sisters before the student watch the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the daughters remembers that the farmers behind the boy ignore the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the farmers declares that the actors before the students observe the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the farmers declares that the girls behind the sisters defend the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the friends says that the sisters before the sons observe the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the friends says that the students beside the girls greet the actresses	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the girls remembers that the students beside the farmers know the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mother near the women declares that the friends before the son stop the students	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the students says that the fathers behind the friend meet the men	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister before the students says that the men behind the boys interrupt the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the farmers remembers that the friends beside the woman defend the student	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the farmers says that the fathers beside the actor block the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the students declares that the women near the girl stop the mother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the students remembers that the farmers beside the women stop the friends	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister behind the women says that the girls near the farmers interrupt the students	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the daughters declares that the students near the farmer meet the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the friends says that the farmers before the daughters meet the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the girls declares that the daughters behind the fathers stop the woman	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister beside the mothers says that the men behind the student welcome the friend	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the farmers remembers that the fathers before the boys ignore the woman	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the fathers declares that the farmers before the women greet the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the friends remembers that the actresses before the boy meet the student	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sister near the friends says that the students behind the mothers defend the boys	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the actors declares that the brothers near the student avoid the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the boys remembers that the brothers near the men interrupt the mother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the farmers remembers that the boys near the students observe the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the friends declares that the students near the actors stop the man	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the friends says that the sisters beside the father block the farmers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the men declares that the sisters behind the father watch the student	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the students remembers that the farmers behind the friends avoid the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the students remembers that the friends near the father attract the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son before the students says that the actresses near the women block the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the actresses says that the men before the farmer defend the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the farmers remembers that the students near the friends block the girls	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the fathers remembers that the actors before the brother defend the friend	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the mothers says that the farmers before the friend interrupt the boy	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son behind the sisters declares that the students near the farmers avoid the actress	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the actresses remembers that the sisters before the boy know the mothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the brothers declares that the boys near the friend ignore the women	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the brothers declares that the mothers behind the students watch the farmer	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the fathers declares that the friends before the actor observe the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the mothers says that the sisters near the woman attract the friends	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the students remembers that the boys near the woman block the friends	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son beside the students says that the girls before the sister know the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the boys says that the students before the brothers meet the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the men remembers that the actresses behind the boys ignore the brother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the mothers declares that the friends beside the brothers ignore the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The son near the mothers says that the actresses behind the brother know the friend	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the actresses declares that the daughters beside the man watch the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the brothers declares that the farmers behind the woman meet the sons	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the daughters says that the farmers behind the actresses interrupt the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the farmers declares that the friends near the daughter avoid the girl	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the farmers declares that the friends near the man watch the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the farmers remembers that the sisters behind the son stop the actresses	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the fathers remembers that the actors beside the sons know the girls	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the men declares that the sisters near the son meet the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the men says that the friends beside the sister block the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the men says that the girls behind the friend interrupt the mother	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the mothers remembers that the farmers beside the actresses greet the girl	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the mothers says that the boys near the sisters interrupt the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the mothers says that the friends behind the boy block the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the sons declares that the boys behind the friend know the fathers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the sons remembers that the actors behind the friend greet the boys	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student before the women says that the farmers beside the friends stop the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the actors says that the friends before the son greet the man	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the brothers declares that the farmers near the woman observe the actor	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the daughters remembers that the brothers before the men attract the boy	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the daughters remembers that the friends before the boy block the actress	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the farmers remembers that the friends before the sons ignore the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the friends declares that the actors near the farmers observe the fathers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the friends declares that the farmers before the boys welcome the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the girls declares that the actors beside the sisters interrupt the man	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the girls declares that the mothers near the actor welcome the farmer	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the men declares that the brothers beside the son block the mother	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the men says that the farmers before the friends attract the brother	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the sisters remembers that the fathers beside the son stop the boy	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the sons remembers that the women beside the mothers greet the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student behind the women remembers that the sons beside the sisters interrupt the actresses	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the boys remembers that the actresses behind the friends attract the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the boys says that the daughters behind the friend ignore the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughters declares that the friends near the man defend the sisters	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughters remembers that the girls near the actresses defend the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the daughters says that the actresses before the brothers observe the men	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student beside the girls declares that the friends before the man defend the father	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the actresses declares that the sisters behind the friends stop the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the brothers declares that the farmers beside the daughters stop the actress	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the brothers says that the sons before the friends stop the girl	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	say	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the daughters remembers that the farmers beside the friend greet the brothers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the farmers declares that the actresses beside the friend welcome the daughters	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the farmers declares that the boys beside the friends know the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the farmers says that the boys behind the man defend the father	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the fathers declares that the sisters before the farmers defend the daughter	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the friends declares that the actresses beside the sisters welcome the daughters	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the friends declares that the women behind the boy greet the brothers	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the friends remembers that the mothers beside the girls stop the brother	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the friends says that the farmers before the boys meet the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the girls says that the men before the actresses observe the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the mothers declares that the daughters behind the men greet the farmers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the mothers remembers that the boys before the actresses observe the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the mothers remembers that the sons beside the sister watch the boys	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the sisters says that the boys before the actress ignore the friends	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the sisters says that the girls beside the daughter observe the father	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	say	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the women declares that the mothers beside the friend defend the daughter	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The student near the women remembers that the sons before the sister observe the farmers	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the actresses declares that the students near the father interrupt the brothers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the boys declares that the sons beside the sister ignore the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the friends remembers that the students near the daughters attract the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the sons declares that the farmers near the friends avoid the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman before the sons remembers that the sisters beside the farmers avoid the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the actresses declares that the farmers before the friend stop the son	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declare	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the fathers declares that the farmers before the boys meet the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the friends remembers that the actors before the student know the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the friends remembers that the fathers near the sons know the actor	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remember	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the friends says that the students before the boys know the actors	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the girls says that the students before the actor attract the sons	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the students declares that the girls near the mother welcome the sister	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman behind the students says that the friends before the farmer block the father	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the boys remembers that the fathers near the student interrupt the farmer	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remember	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the brothers remembers that the daughters near the student defend the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remember	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the daughters declares that the brothers near the mother block the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declare	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the daughters declares that the students behind the friends welcome the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the farmers remembers that the fathers behind the daughters stop the actress	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the friends declares that the actresses near the students defend the mothers	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman beside the students says that the actors before the friend greet the girl	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	say	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the fathers declares that the sons behind the students interrupt the sister	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the sisters says that the fathers beside the students welcome the farmers	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	say	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the sons declares that the friends before the fathers know the actors	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declare	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the sons says that the mothers before the friends attract the actresses	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	say	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the students remembers that the boys before the friends greet the daughter	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remember	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The woman near the students says that the farmers before the girl avoid the friend	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	say	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the friend declare that the student near the sons greets the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the friend remember that the son beside the farmers meets the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the man remember that the student near the son watches the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the sister say that the mother beside the students stops the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the student declare that the friend near the sons avoids the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the student say that the son beside the farmers meets the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the brother say that the friend before the women interrupts the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the daughter declare that the boy beside the farmers avoids the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the daughter say that the friend beside the boys defends the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the farmer declare that the student near the mothers defends the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the father declare that the student beside the friend knows the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the father say that the woman near the boy observes the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the friend declare that the sister before the men meets the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the mother remember that the student beside the man attracts the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the sister declare that the friend near the girls stops the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the boy declare that the brother near the student welcomes the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the boy remember that the student near the daughter greets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the farmer declare that the friend before the brothers watches the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the friend declare that the boy before the students meets the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the girl declare that the farmer near the students knows the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the girl remember that the farmer behind the woman interrupts the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the man remember that the student near the boys avoids the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the man say that the father behind the friend greets the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the student remember that the farmer behind the boy ignores the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the student remember that the mother before the girls defends the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the student say that the friend before the girl avoids the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the farmer declare that the son beside the students knows the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the man declare that the boy before the fathers greets the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the student say that the friend behind the daughters interrupts the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the friend remember that the farmer near the student interrupts the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the girl declare that the daughter beside the father knows the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the man remember that the daughter near the student avoids the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the man remember that the student beside the fathers stops the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the man say that the girl beside the students knows the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the mother declare that the son behind the friend knows the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the woman declare that the farmer behind the daughter observes the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the daughter declare that the woman before the brother knows the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the daughter say that the mother before the farmer welcomes the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the farmer remember that the woman beside the brother stops the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the friend say that the student beside the mothers observes the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the man say that the boy before the sister avoids the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the sister declare that the student beside the daughter welcomes the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the woman remember that the brother beside the boy meets the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the woman say that the farmer near the sister interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the boy declare that the father near the farmers interrupts the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the brother declare that the woman before the farmer welcomes the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the farmer remember that the man before the fathers avoids the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the girl declare that the mother behind the brothers interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the mother say that the farmer behind the sons blocks the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the son say that the sister near the friends attracts the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the student declare that the farmer behind the woman stops the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the father say that the son behind the women welcomes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the friend remember that the student before the daughter blocks the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the sister declare that the woman behind the boys knows the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the sister say that the farmer behind the daughter knows the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the son say that the student before the sisters stops the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the actor remember that the man beside the sons blocks the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the actress say that the student beside the friends interrupts the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the father remember that the daughter behind the man defends the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the sister declare that the friend behind the mothers knows the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the student declare that the farmer near the men meets the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the student remember that the farmer behind the actor stops the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the student remember that the farmer behind the brother meets the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the father remember that the friend before the actress stops the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the father remember that the student near the farmers observes the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the friend remember that the actor near the mothers blocks the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the son declare that the actor before the sisters watches the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the son remember that the friend near the brother meets the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the student declare that the daughter before the brother knows the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the brother say that the farmer before the men welcomes the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the daughter remember that the woman near the farmers meets the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the farmer declare that the brother before the daughters defends the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the friend declare that the mother behind the sisters meets the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the friend remember that the daughter behind the woman defends the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the mother say that the man behind the friend attracts the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the farmer remember that the man before the actor meets the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the friend say that the woman beside the students interrupts the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the man declare that the student before the farmers observes the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the student declare that the farmer beside the actress watches the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the actress remember that the farmer near the girls greets the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the boy say that the father beside the woman observes the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the boy say that the friend near the sons interrupts the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the daughter declare that the man near the mothers stops the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the friend declare that the man beside the son welcomes the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the friend remember that the actress behind the farmer greets the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the girl say that the woman before the farmer blocks the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the son declare that the student beside the farmers ignores the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the student declare that the daughter beside the girls knows the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the student say that the farmer beside the actresses avoids the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the woman remember that the son beside the mother defends the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the daughter say that the actress before the women avoids the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the farmer say that the student near the friends observes the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the father declare that the boy before the friend meets the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the friend say that the son before the actors interrupts the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the mother declare that the man near the daughters defends the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the mother declare that the son near the boys watches the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the student say that the friend before the actors interrupts the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the daughter remember that the student beside the woman meets the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the farmer remember that the actress beside the students watches the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the father remember that the boy before the actress interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the friend say that the son behind the fathers interrupts the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the mother declare that the girl before the student greets the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the student remember that the actress behind the farmers interrupts the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the student remember that the friend beside the girls blocks the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the boy say that the actress beside the brother ignores the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the farmer remember that the woman near the fathers interrupts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the father remember that the woman near the farmer observes the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the friend declare that the student near the actresses interrupts the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the mother declare that the friend beside the boy greets the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the mother declare that the friend near the brothers observes the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the boy declare that the friend beside the brother avoids the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the boy say that the farmer beside the fathers stops the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the brother say that the man near the actresses welcomes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the farmer declare that the boy beside the mothers knows the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the farmer remember that the student before the mothers watches the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the farmer say that the friend before the brothers interrupts the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the father declare that the actor near the friends blocks the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the girl remember that the father beside the friend defends the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the girl say that the brother beside the farmer knows the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the student say that the girl beside the mother welcomes the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the woman declare that the girl before the student interrupts the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the actress say that the student near the mothers defends the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the boy remember that the farmer before the actress meets the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the brother declare that the man behind the father interrupts the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the farmer remember that the student before the mother meets the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the father say that the brother behind the actor interrupts the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the student declare that the girl near the brother greets the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the student say that the father before the farmer observes the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the brother say that the actress before the farmer welcomes the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the brother say that the farmer beside the actors meets the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the father declare that the boy beside the sisters observes the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the friend declare that the brother before the students welcomes the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the friend remember that the actress before the students watches the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the girl say that the mother beside the friend attracts the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the student say that the brother behind the mothers meets the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the woman remember that the friend behind the boys defends the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actor declare that the sister beside the student welcomes the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actor say that the father beside the friend observes the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actress say that the boy beside the women welcomes the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the brother declare that the son beside the mother watches the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the daughter remember that the man beside the friends attracts the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the daughter say that the brother near the mother meets the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the daughter say that the student behind the actors attracts the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the father say that the daughter behind the sister greets the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the father say that the man behind the student knows the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friend declare that the son behind the woman stops the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the girl say that the actor behind the mothers observes the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the sister say that the father near the boy observes the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the son declare that the man near the students stops the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the woman remember that the mother near the brothers stops the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the actress say that the daughter beside the friend blocks the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the daughter say that the sister before the fathers attracts the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the father declare that the friend near the boys knows the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the friend declare that the mother beside the students ignores the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the friend remember that the son near the girls attracts the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the girl say that the student near the daughter avoids the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the man declare that the daughter near the student knows the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the man say that the sister near the mothers avoids the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the sister declare that the student beside the friends ignores the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the sister say that the man beside the student greets the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the son declare that the boy near the sister meets the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the son say that the student before the friends avoids the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the son say that the student before the woman knows the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the student declare that the girl before the friend defends the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the student remember that the brother near the son knows the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the woman say that the brother before the student attracts the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actor declare that the brother before the boys defends the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actor declare that the woman before the mothers avoids the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actor say that the sister behind the students stops the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actress declare that the father behind the sisters observes the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the boy say that the actor before the women blocks the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the brother say that the daughter near the mothers blocks the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the friend declare that the brother before the daughters observes the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the student declare that the daughter before the actors avoids the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the student say that the son before the fathers attracts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the woman remember that the actor before the students stops the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the woman remember that the student behind the son avoids the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the woman say that the student near the girls attracts the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the actress remember that the girl behind the fathers interrupts the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the boy say that the student beside the women avoids the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the brother declare that the actress behind the mothers greets the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the brother remember that the son before the students ignores the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the brother remember that the student behind the women attracts the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the daughter declare that the sister behind the actress avoids the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the daughter say that the actor beside the brothers ignores the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the father say that the boy before the friends attracts the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the friend say that the student before the man observes the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the girl declare that the friend beside the brother interrupts the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the mother say that the daughter before the actresses welcomes the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the sister remember that the friend behind the girl avoids the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the student remember that the girl before the women stops the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the woman declare that the student beside the sons welcomes the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the boy remember that the farmer behind the daughters attracts the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the brother declare that the man behind the farmer avoids the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the daughter say that the sister beside the men knows the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the friend remember that the daughter behind the women stops the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the friend say that the girl behind the farmers knows the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the man declare that the farmer behind the brother stops the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the student say that the friend beside the farmers welcomes the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the actor declare that the girl before the friend welcomes the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the actress remember that the student before the men defends the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the boy say that the actress beside the farmer interrupts the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the farmer say that the son near the brother defends the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the friend declare that the student before the sister ignores the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the sister remember that the student beside the woman stops the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the son declare that the farmer near the actors interrupts the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the student remember that the sister before the boy knows the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the actress declare that the farmer behind the friend defends the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the boy remember that the farmer near the student stops the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the brother remember that the woman behind the actor blocks the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the farmer declare that the girl behind the woman greets the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the farmer declare that the student behind the boys knows the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the farmer remember that the girl near the actor observes the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the friend remember that the farmer before the brother knows the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the sister remember that the farmer behind the actress attracts the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the student remember that the sister near the man defends the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the actor declare that the sister before the daughters observes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the actor declare that the son beside the students watches the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the daughter declare that the farmer before the actresses observes the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the daughter say that the student behind the brothers observes the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the farmer remember that the friend before the man watches the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the girl remember that the farmer beside the actor defends the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the girl remember that the farmer beside the brother attracts the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the sister say that the daughter behind the friend attracts the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the student declare that the man behind the actors welcomes the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the woman declare that the son behind the farmer blocks the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the woman remember that the sister behind the girls interrupts the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actress remember that the brother behind the student meets the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actress say that the boy beside the man avoids the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the boy declare that the farmer behind the men greets the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the brother remember that the boy behind the student stops the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the brother remember that the farmer near the actors meets the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the daughter declare that the boy behind the man meets the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the girl remember that the mother behind the sons meets the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the man remember that the farmer beside the actor greets the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the son declare that the farmer near the students stops the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the son declare that the man beside the girl watches the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the student remember that the brother near the women blocks the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the student remember that the girl near the mothers knows the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the student remember that the mother beside the sister meets the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actor remember that the father near the girl knows the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actor say that the boy beside the father avoids the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actress declare that the daughter before the fathers stops the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actress say that the farmer beside the women avoids the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the farmer remember that the daughter before the woman attracts the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the farmer remember that the woman near the actor knows the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the father say that the farmer before the woman meets the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the girl declare that the father near the actresses welcomes the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the girl remember that the man near the son meets the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the girl remember that the student beside the fathers avoids the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the man say that the mother beside the farmer welcomes the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the man say that the mother near the daughter blocks the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the mother remember that the actress near the man avoids the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the mother say that the actress before the girls avoids the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the sister remember that the woman before the girls defends the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the sister say that the boy near the sons interrupts the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the son declare that the student near the farmer greets the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the student declare that the girl beside the farmers meets the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the student remember that the mother beside the girl defends the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the actor say that the daughter behind the mother greets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the daughter remember that the mother near the farmer watches the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the farmer declare that the daughter before the men knows the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the father say that the boy near the son stops the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the girl say that the actress near the sister avoids the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the mother remember that the brother before the actor knows the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the son remember that the actor before the mothers watches the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the son remember that the farmer before the students meets the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the student declare that the boy before the farmer stops the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the student declare that the boy before the father ignores the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the student remember that the actress near the sisters meets the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the woman say that the son near the boy blocks the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the woman say that the student near the daughter ignores the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the actor declare that the farmer behind the brother knows the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the actor declare that the father behind the farmers watches the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the farmer say that the actress before the brother stops the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the man remember that the mother before the boy interrupts the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the sister declare that the mother before the student observes the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the student remember that the girl before the mother blocks the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the student say that the actor before the man interrupts the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the actor say that the mother beside the student defends the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the farmer remember that the student near the actress interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the father say that the actress beside the friend ignores the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the friend remember that the actor near the sister meets the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the son say that the farmer beside the friend observes the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the actor remember that the sister before the man observes the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the actor say that the student beside the brother blocks the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the brother remember that the student near the friend watches the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the daughter remember that the woman before the actress meets the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the farmer remember that the father before the actors knows the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the father declare that the actor near the brother interrupts the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the son remember that the man beside the brother stops the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the actor remember that the man near the mothers defends the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the brother declare that the father near the students interrupts the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the daughter declare that the brother behind the farmers blocks the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the daughter remember that the brother near the friends meets the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the daughter remember that the farmer near the friend avoids the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the farmer say that the student near the fathers welcomes the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the man declare that the friend before the actors avoids the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the son remember that the friend behind the students stops the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the student remember that the actress behind the sister knows the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the brother declare that the woman before the friend greets the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the brother remember that the father before the farmer knows the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the farmer declare that the brother behind the mother knows the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the farmer remember that the actor behind the students meets the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the farmer remember that the student behind the mother stops the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the friend remember that the farmer before the daughters meets the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the friend say that the farmer beside the brother interrupts the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the brother say that the father beside the farmer observes the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the daughter say that the boy beside the brothers observes the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the daughter say that the student behind the friends welcomes the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the friend declare that the sister behind the actor meets the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the friend say that the girl beside the brother avoids the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the friend say that the sister near the student greets the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the friend say that the son near the actresses meets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the son remember that the farmer behind the actress knows the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the student say that the father beside the actors observes the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the actor remember that the friend before the daughters blocks the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the actress declare that the friend near the girls defends the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the actress remember that the daughter near the friends ignores the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the farmer remember that the brother beside the actress attracts the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the friend declare that the brother beside the student greets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the friend declare that the daughter beside the actor welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the girl remember that the student near the fathers watches the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the actress declare that the friend behind the fathers blocks the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the actress say that the daughter before the farmer ignores the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the daughter declare that the farmer behind the friend watches the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the daughter remember that the girl before the actor greets the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the daughter remember that the girl before the brother stops the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the farmer remember that the actress near the girl interrupts the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the farmer say that the brother near the friends defends the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the farmer say that the friend behind the father blocks the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the sister declare that the son behind the student interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the sister remember that the farmer near the friend greets the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the son declare that the girl behind the farmer watches the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the student declare that the brother before the farmers blocks the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the student remember that the brother before the fathers avoids the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the student say that the boy near the fathers attracts the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the actress declare that the son before the farmer avoids the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the brother say that the friend beside the boys ignores the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the father declare that the student before the friend watches the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the friend say that the sister before the father knows the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the mother remember that the farmer before the sisters defends the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the student remember that the actress behind the mothers greets the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the friend remember that the actor near the student meets the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the friend remember that the girl near the students greets the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the friend remember that the student near the farmer avoids the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the sister remember that the actor beside the farmer blocks the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the woman say that the actor beside the brothers interrupts the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the actor declare that the daughter before the student meets the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the actress declare that the daughter beside the girls welcomes the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the daughter declare that the woman before the girls welcomes the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the friend declare that the sister near the student ignores the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the friend remember that the student beside the girls knows the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the student declare that the daughter near the sisters knows the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the son say that the farmer near the actress blocks the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the student remember that the sister before the friend interrupts the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the farmer say that the actress before the friends interrupts the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the farmer say that the actress behind the men meets the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the girl remember that the son before the actor meets the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the actor remember that the man near the son watches the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the father say that the friend near the girls blocks the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the friend declare that the farmer behind the son blocks the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the student declare that the woman near the father observes the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the actress declare that the daughter beside the boy welcomes the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the actress declare that the farmer near the fathers avoids the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the farmer remember that the son before the friends ignores the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the farmer say that the student beside the mother greets the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the father say that the farmer before the boys blocks the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the mother remember that the actor near the son interrupts the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the student remember that the friend near the actresses defends the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the student say that the farmer before the actresses knows the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the woman declare that the farmer beside the friends greets the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the daughter remember that the student behind the mothers avoids the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the daughter say that the farmer near the girls defends the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the farmer remember that the boy behind the sons avoids the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the farmer say that the actress behind the daughter ignores the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the farmer say that the mother behind the girl blocks the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the friend say that the farmer near the women blocks the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the son say that the farmer before the friend meets the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the student declare that the man behind the son avoids the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the student say that the farmer behind the friend defends the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the boy declare that the student before the mothers watches the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the daughter declare that the actress beside the farmers observes the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the daughter remember that the actor beside the friend blocks the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the daughter remember that the friend behind the women observes the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the farmer declare that the father behind the daughters defends the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the farmer say that the man behind the actors defends the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the farmer say that the man beside the actresses blocks the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the farmer say that the student before the friend interrupts the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the girl say that the man before the father welcomes the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the girl say that the student beside the woman welcomes the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the son declare that the woman before the girls observes the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the student remember that the actor before the friend meets the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the student remember that the actress before the friends defends the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the actor say that the friend near the men greets the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the boy say that the student near the brother stops the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the farmer say that the girl near the sister observes the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the friend declare that the mother near the farmer welcomes the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the girl remember that the sister near the students stops the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the man declare that the brother behind the friend greets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the mother declare that the farmer behind the girl watches the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the sister say that the boy behind the fathers avoids the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the sister say that the farmer behind the women defends the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the student declare that the man beside the mother greets the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the brother remember that the father before the farmer stops the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the farmer declare that the woman near the friends stops the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the father declare that the sister before the women welcomes the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the friend declare that the boy before the farmer meets the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the friend remember that the mother near the men attracts the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the boy say that the farmer before the actress ignores the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the farmer say that the man near the actors interrupts the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the friend declare that the farmer behind the mother watches the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the sister remember that the boy behind the father defends the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the student remember that the actress near the brothers greets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the student remember that the girl before the men stops the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the woman say that the boy before the actors stops the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the brother declare that the friend before the women interrupts the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the farmer declare that the girl behind the students interrupts the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the friend say that the farmer before the actress interrupts the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the friend say that the farmer beside the sister blocks the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the girl remember that the farmer beside the mothers knows the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the student declare that the farmer before the fathers watches the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the student remember that the friend behind the brothers ignores the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the woman declare that the friend before the mother greets the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the actress declare that the friend beside the daughter observes the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the actress declare that the sister behind the daughters interrupts the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the boy say that the sister behind the actors observes the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the daughter say that the boy near the actor observes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the father remember that the brother near the actors meets the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the girl remember that the sister near the daughters greets the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the son say that the farmer near the brothers welcomes the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the woman remember that the farmer behind the friend meets the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the woman say that the sister behind the girl stops the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the actress declare that the farmer before the girls knows the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the brother declare that the father near the actress blocks the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the brother declare that the man near the farmers blocks the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the daughter remember that the sister near the boys attracts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the farmer remember that the actor beside the women observes the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the farmer remember that the actress beside the boy meets the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the farmer remember that the brother before the daughters meets the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the farmer remember that the sister beside the boy ignores the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the friend declare that the man before the fathers avoids the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the friend remember that the father before the boys greets the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the girl remember that the actress before the son knows the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the girl say that the mother beside the friend ignores the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the man say that the actor before the daughter knows the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the mother declare that the actress near the friend meets the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the sister remember that the daughter beside the fathers blocks the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the woman say that the farmer near the sisters interrupts the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the brother declare that the daughter before the women watches the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmer remember that the mother near the boy meets the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the father declare that the girl near the actresses blocks the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the father say that the sister near the daughters interrupts the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the friend remember that the daughter behind the farmers avoids the man	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the man declare that the sister near the actress knows the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the man say that the girl near the sisters welcomes the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the sister say that the son before the man observes the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the son declare that the boy behind the actors stops the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the son declare that the friend near the fathers welcomes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the actor remember that the farmer beside the woman observes the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the boy say that the daughter behind the farmer blocks the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the brother remember that the farmer behind the fathers observes the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the farmer declare that the girl beside the brothers avoids the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the farmer remember that the friend before the actor observes the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the father remember that the daughter before the actors defends the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the father say that the girl beside the sons attracts the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the friend say that the father beside the brother meets the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the friend say that the man beside the daughter observes the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the man declare that the actress behind the friend watches the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the man remember that the brother beside the girls meets the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the mother say that the actress behind the boys blocks the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the mother say that the brother before the friends stops the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sister declare that the boy before the sons observes the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sister declare that the woman before the farmer meets the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sister remember that the woman behind the actress knows the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sister say that the actor before the daughter meets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sister say that the boy behind the friend avoids the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the actress remember that the student near the sisters avoids the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the daughter declare that the mother near the actor observes the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the daughter say that the sister behind the girls welcomes the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the farmer declare that the mother near the friends defends the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the farmer say that the friend behind the student knows the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the father remember that the boy behind the farmer watches the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the friend declare that the daughter behind the farmer defends the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the mother remember that the farmer near the friends ignores the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the sister remember that the girl behind the mother attracts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the sister say that the mother beside the friend attracts the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the student declare that the daughter beside the mother greets the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the student remember that the brother beside the friend interrupts the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the actor remember that the daughter before the brother knows the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the sister declare that the boy beside the fathers avoids the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the son declare that the brother near the actress observes the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the son remember that the student beside the farmers avoids the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the student say that the actor before the brother avoids the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the student say that the friend beside the girl blocks the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the student say that the mother before the sister greets the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the actor remember that the student before the friend meets the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the boy declare that the daughter before the friends blocks the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the boy remember that the father behind the farmer greets the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the boy say that the actress behind the students meets the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the brother declare that the farmer behind the father welcomes the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the father declare that the son behind the actors welcomes the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the son say that the brother near the actors ignores the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the actor declare that the girl beside the fathers blocks the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the brother say that the farmer before the boys meets the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the farmer declare that the boy beside the sons interrupts the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the farmer remember that the daughter beside the father attracts the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the friend declare that the father before the student meets the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the friend remember that the farmer before the actresses meets the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the mother say that the brother behind the farmers defends the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the sister say that the mother beside the student observes the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the son say that the student behind the brothers attracts the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the brothers say that the farmer near the daughters greets the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the farmers declare that the daughter near the students knows the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the sisters remember that the student beside the father observes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the daughters remember that the man before the friends avoids the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the daughters say that the friend beside the sister interrupts the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the farmers say that the student beside the men knows the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the friends declare that the woman near the student welcomes the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the friends remember that the girl before the man watches the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the women declare that the farmer near the friend ignores the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the boys declare that the father behind the sister stops the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the brothers say that the farmer near the student meets the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the farmers declare that the man behind the sisters avoids the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the farmers remember that the mother near the students watches the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the friends remember that the sister behind the students knows the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the men remember that the farmer before the son observes the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the mothers remember that the student near the woman watches the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the sisters declare that the student behind the farmer greets the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the students declare that the son behind the farmer observes the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the students declare that the woman behind the friend stops the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the friends remember that the farmer behind the students greets the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the mothers remember that the sister before the friend knows the man	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the sisters declare that the friend beside the students blocks the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the sisters remember that the farmer before the son avoids the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the students declare that the brother beside the boy watches the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the boys declare that the son near the father meets the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the fathers declare that the boy near the daughters watches the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the friends remember that the son behind the boy interrupts the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the friends say that the mother behind the boy interrupts the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the friends say that the student beside the sister interrupts the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the men say that the farmer beside the friend stops the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the sons say that the friend near the girls observes the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the farmers declare that the friend before the mother welcomes the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the farmers say that the mother near the woman interrupts the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the friends declare that the boy near the students stops the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the sons say that the girl before the mothers blocks the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the farmers declare that the friend beside the girl greets the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the men declare that the friend beside the farmers blocks the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the men say that the farmer behind the friends welcomes the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the sons declare that the father beside the students defends the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the students declare that the father behind the friend watches the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the women remember that the father before the girl knows the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the actors remember that the student beside the man meets the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the daughters declare that the farmer near the mothers blocks the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the daughters remember that the brother near the student watches the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the daughters say that the woman behind the friends welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the farmers declare that the man beside the fathers blocks the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the farmers remember that the sister near the father avoids the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the friends say that the actor beside the father interrupts the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the men say that the actor beside the brother greets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the mothers declare that the man near the daughter stops the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the sisters say that the farmer beside the friend defends the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the women remember that the sister beside the mother interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the men declare that the friend near the son welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the mothers remember that the student before the sons interrupts the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the women declare that the student near the friends knows the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the actors remember that the friend before the sisters avoids the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the actresses remember that the sister before the fathers avoids the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the actresses say that the student behind the friends interrupts the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the farmers remember that the student behind the mother meets the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the farmers say that the father near the actress blocks the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the men remember that the mother before the son blocks the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the mothers declare that the farmer behind the son ignores the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the mothers declare that the sister behind the women defends the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the daughters declare that the brother behind the women watches the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the farmers remember that the student behind the friend attracts the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the farmers say that the friend behind the actress blocks the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the friends declare that the brother beside the student greets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the men declare that the student behind the mothers knows the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the mothers say that the brother behind the farmer interrupts the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the sisters remember that the father behind the actors stops the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the students remember that the actor before the farmers knows the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the daughters declare that the actress behind the student knows the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the farmers remember that the mother near the sons ignores the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the fathers declare that the boy behind the actor avoids the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the fathers remember that the daughter behind the actors meets the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the friends remember that the daughter beside the farmers knows the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the friends remember that the mother behind the actress watches the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the mothers remember that the actress beside the friends watches the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the students declare that the man behind the boys welcomes the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the friends declare that the student near the daughters greets the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the sons remember that the actress near the fathers ignores the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the students remember that the man before the friends observes the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the actors declare that the friend before the boy defends the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the fathers say that the actor near the boys avoids the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the fathers say that the man behind the girl blocks the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the friends say that the daughter near the farmers knows the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the friends say that the student behind the man attracts the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the students remember that the boy before the sons defends the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the actresses say that the farmer beside the sons greets the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the farmers remember that the actress behind the girls interrupts the father	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the farmers say that the student behind the daughter defends the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the fathers declare that the actor beside the man knows the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the fathers remember that the girl before the actor watches the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the friends say that the actress beside the men defends the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the girls remember that the son before the father defends the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the mothers say that the man behind the daughters welcomes the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the students declare that the woman behind the daughter stops the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the students remember that the son before the boy knows the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the students say that the actress behind the daughters blocks the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the actors say that the girl beside the man ignores the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the actresses declare that the farmer near the student stops the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the boys declare that the actress beside the man ignores the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the farmers say that the girl behind the sisters observes the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the friends declare that the actress near the man welcomes the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the friends say that the boy near the actress greets the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the girls declare that the farmer beside the friends ignores the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the girls remember that the farmer beside the mothers observes the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the mothers say that the actor near the brothers observes the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the actresses remember that the boy before the farmers interrupts the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the actresses say that the farmer before the brothers meets the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the brothers say that the mother near the farmers avoids the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the fathers say that the friend before the actor defends the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the friends remember that the brother before the boys avoids the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the girls remember that the sister beside the women interrupts the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the mothers remember that the friend near the men ignores the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the students say that the mother before the friends blocks the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the women declare that the mother before the actors ignores the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the women declare that the mother before the girls observes the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the farmers declare that the mother near the sister stops the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the farmers say that the student behind the mother meets the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the friends say that the actor behind the mothers attracts the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the mothers declare that the man behind the farmer knows the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the women declare that the student near the girls stops the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the brothers declare that the father behind the farmers ignores the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the brothers remember that the friend behind the students defends the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the brothers say that the friend beside the man blocks the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the farmers declare that the student behind the friends avoids the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the farmers remember that the friend beside the father knows the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the fathers remember that the brother behind the friends ignores the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the fathers say that the girl before the student attracts the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the men say that the girl before the brother avoids the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the students declare that the man before the friend blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boys say that the actor beside the friend attracts the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the brothers remember that the daughter near the boys observes the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the daughters remember that the student behind the fathers blocks the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the daughters say that the friend behind the girl ignores the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the fathers declare that the woman near the student blocks the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friends remember that the woman near the actor blocks the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friends say that the man beside the daughters attracts the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the girls remember that the sister beside the woman observes the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the men say that the friend near the son interrupts the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the sisters remember that the woman behind the son interrupts the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the sisters say that the actress near the friend meets the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the students declare that the daughter beside the friends blocks the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the students say that the mother behind the sons observes the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the students say that the sister behind the men avoids the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the women say that the mother beside the friends welcomes the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the women say that the sister near the boys blocks the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the actors remember that the son near the girls meets the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the brothers remember that the father before the girl meets the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the brothers say that the actress before the girl observes the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the brothers say that the friend before the fathers observes the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the friends remember that the sister near the student ignores the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the girls remember that the brother near the friend ignores the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the mothers declare that the sister before the girls greets the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the sisters say that the friend beside the girl stops the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the sons declare that the actor near the father avoids the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the sons declare that the student near the friend welcomes the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the students declare that the mother beside the boys stops the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the students remember that the girl near the daughters ignores the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the students remember that the son near the man watches the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the students say that the father before the actresses knows the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the women say that the student near the daughters blocks the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actresses remember that the brother before the friend blocks the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the boys remember that the mother behind the daughters interrupts the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the daughters remember that the boy before the mothers stops the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the daughters remember that the friend before the girls knows the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the friends remember that the mother near the students avoids the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the girls remember that the friend before the father stops the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the men remember that the friend before the daughters knows the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the mothers declare that the daughter behind the man ignores the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the mothers say that the woman before the students meets the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the sons remember that the man before the friends avoids the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the actresses say that the father behind the sons meets the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the daughters declare that the sister beside the friend greets the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the daughters remember that the girl before the actors observes the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the fathers remember that the son behind the woman blocks the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the fathers remember that the student beside the son watches the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the friends remember that the son before the student meets the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the friends remember that the student behind the girls interrupts the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the mothers say that the daughter before the sister avoids the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the students remember that the friend beside the brothers observes the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the women say that the friend before the student welcomes the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the actors declare that the daughter behind the farmer knows the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the actors say that the friend near the boy meets the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the actresses declare that the woman near the farmers ignores the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the boys declare that the farmer behind the woman welcomes the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the farmers declare that the man near the boy welcomes the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the girls say that the man beside the daughters ignores the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the sons declare that the actor near the friend defends the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the actresses say that the farmer near the men meets the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the boys remember that the friend before the students avoids the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the daughters declare that the sister before the farmer avoids the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the men declare that the student beside the boy greets the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the men remember that the actor near the daughters interrupts the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the sons say that the farmer beside the friend interrupts the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the students declare that the girl beside the farmers stops the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the actresses declare that the son before the student ignores the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the brothers remember that the man behind the students watches the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the farmers remember that the student before the friend watches the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the farmers say that the son before the men interrupts the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the friends say that the brother near the son knows the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the students declare that the daughter behind the actors interrupts the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the students remember that the actor behind the sons ignores the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the students remember that the brother near the farmer ignores the men	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the women declare that the actor near the daughter observes the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the actresses remember that the girl beside the friend watches the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the brothers remember that the actor before the farmer attracts the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the farmers remember that the woman before the sons blocks the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the farmers remember that the woman behind the friend stops the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the men declare that the sister beside the girls watches the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the students remember that the friend before the actor ignores the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the students say that the daughter before the friend attracts the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the women declare that the farmer behind the daughter watches the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actors remember that the student near the father interrupts the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actresses declare that the brother beside the daughter watches the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the boys remember that the daughter beside the sisters stops the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the boys remember that the daughter beside the students defends the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the brothers say that the mother beside the daughters stops the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the daughters remember that the actress beside the brothers knows the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the farmers declare that the actor beside the brother ignores the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the fathers remember that the brother behind the women stops the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the fathers remember that the brother beside the actor ignores the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the fathers remember that the student near the farmer stops the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the men say that the father behind the student attracts the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the students declare that the mother beside the actors observes the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the students remember that the actress behind the sons defends the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the students remember that the farmer near the boys blocks the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the students remember that the man beside the actresses defends the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actors remember that the daughter beside the woman defends the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actors say that the brother near the son attracts the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the daughters declare that the mother beside the boy welcomes the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the daughters remember that the boy beside the brother greets the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the daughters say that the actor beside the sisters stops the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the girls remember that the brother near the actresses avoids the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the men remember that the mother beside the students watches the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the students remember that the brother beside the mothers ignores the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the students say that the girl before the farmers blocks the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the women say that the student near the fathers welcomes the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the actors remember that the brother behind the daughter knows the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the actors say that the student near the sister meets the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the actresses declare that the brother near the student defends the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the actresses say that the student behind the sisters defends the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the daughters declare that the boy behind the men watches the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the fathers declare that the son behind the brothers interrupts the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the men declare that the girl near the actresses observes the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the mothers declare that the farmer before the actor watches the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the sisters remember that the student behind the girl watches the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the students declare that the actor before the daughters avoids the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the students declare that the farmer before the daughters defends the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the actors remember that the daughter behind the student defends the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the actors remember that the sister before the men watches the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the brothers declare that the actress before the daughters meets the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the brothers declare that the farmer beside the actress welcomes the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the brothers remember that the farmer before the sons stops the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the brothers remember that the farmer behind the man knows the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the farmers declare that the student behind the daughter ignores the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the farmers remember that the father before the brothers attracts the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the farmers remember that the son beside the actresses interrupts the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the fathers say that the daughter before the actress defends the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the fathers say that the student before the brothers interrupts the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the girls remember that the daughter before the women stops the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the sisters remember that the son beside the farmer greets the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the students remember that the farmer behind the girls ignores the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the actors declare that the brother near the farmers avoids the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the mothers remember that the actor beside the daughters ignores the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the students remember that the daughter behind the women stops the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the actors say that the friend before the mothers blocks the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the daughters declare that the mother before the farmers watches the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the farmers say that the actor near the student attracts the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the fathers remember that the son beside the friends stops the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the friends declare that the mother beside the man welcomes the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the mothers remember that the farmer near the sisters blocks the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the mothers say that the student beside the friend attracts the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the actors remember that the farmer behind the sons avoids the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the actors say that the daughter near the farmer ignores the women	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the actresses remember that the friend behind the man interrupts the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the daughters declare that the sister before the friend watches the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the daughters remember that the farmer before the mother watches the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the farmers remember that the daughter behind the father meets the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the farmers remember that the son near the men observes the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the fathers say that the friend near the women attracts the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the friends declare that the farmer behind the student interrupts the father	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the friends declare that the sister behind the students observes the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the mothers remember that the actress near the daughters blocks the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the mothers remember that the friend behind the brothers knows the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the actresses say that the farmer beside the daughter greets the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the farmers declare that the friend behind the son meets the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the farmers remember that the woman before the students watches the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the sisters say that the son beside the students attracts the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the sons declare that the father beside the actors blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the sons remember that the farmer behind the brothers meets the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the students remember that the farmer behind the friends attracts the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the students say that the brother beside the actresses meets the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the actors remember that the girl beside the student knows the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the brothers remember that the actor near the friends defends the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the farmers declare that the student beside the father welcomes the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the fathers declare that the boy behind the farmers welcomes the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the friends remember that the boy near the actors knows the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the sisters say that the actor near the father welcomes the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the sons declare that the actor near the boy knows the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the brothers remember that the friend near the student knows the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the daughters declare that the actor near the mothers greets the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the sons remember that the boy near the students stops the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the sons say that the farmer near the actresses defends the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the actors declare that the boy near the sisters welcomes the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the actresses declare that the father near the brother avoids the student	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the boys declare that the daughter before the sisters ignores the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the brothers say that the father before the boy greets the son	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the farmers say that the friend before the fathers welcomes the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the farmers say that the son behind the brother ignores the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the fathers remember that the actor near the friend watches the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the girls say that the brother behind the actors knows the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the students remember that the daughter behind the mother interrupts the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the actors say that the father behind the brother greets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the girls remember that the father before the sisters blocks the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the mothers remember that the farmer before the girl greets the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the sisters say that the actor behind the students knows the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the students declare that the son behind the farmers watches the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the actresses declare that the student behind the sister greets the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the actresses say that the student beside the farmers knows the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the boys declare that the friend beside the woman defends the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the brothers say that the daughter near the farmers avoids the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the farmers remember that the friend near the students greets the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the sisters declare that the boy near the friends blocks the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the sons declare that the actress near the boys avoids the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the students remember that the farmer near the actor knows the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the boys remember that the sister near the sons attracts the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the brothers remember that the student before the girls ignores the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the daughters declare that the friend before the men blocks the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the daughters declare that the man before the sisters meets the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the farmers declare that the brother beside the students defends the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the farmers remember that the student beside the friends greets the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the friends declare that the woman beside the boy avoids the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the students declare that the friend beside the actor ignores the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the women remember that the sister beside the students observes the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the boys declare that the sister behind the farmer avoids the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the brothers say that the farmer near the friend defends the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the farmers declare that the actress near the woman blocks the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the farmers remember that the girl behind the man greets the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the girls declare that the student behind the brothers observes the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the students declare that the actress near the son meets the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the students remember that the woman behind the actors defends the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the students say that the boy near the brother avoids the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the actresses say that the brother beside the boy interrupts the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the daughters declare that the friend behind the farmer ignores the men	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the farmers declare that the actor beside the boy observes the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the farmers remember that the girl before the friend greets the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the friends declare that the actor before the farmers greets the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the men declare that the actor behind the student defends the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the men say that the girl before the students greets the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the students declare that the girl behind the actors stops the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the students remember that the son before the men interrupts the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the women declare that the actress beside the farmers blocks the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the women say that the actress before the students defends the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the farmers say that the student near the sons defends the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the fathers remember that the friend beside the students attracts the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the mothers say that the girl behind the farmers knows the students	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the sons say that the student behind the farmer attracts the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the students remember that the son near the actress greets the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the students say that the father beside the women avoids the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the actresses declare that the man beside the farmer blocks the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the actresses remember that the boy near the father stops the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the boys declare that the daughter before the farmers meets the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the boys say that the student near the fathers welcomes the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the farmers declare that the actress beside the daughter avoids the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the farmers say that the girl before the actor attracts the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the fathers remember that the man before the sons knows the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the friends declare that the father near the farmers blocks the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the girls remember that the friend beside the fathers interrupts the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the mothers remember that the actor near the men knows the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the women remember that the son beside the farmer ignores the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the actors declare that the boy behind the friends blocks the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the actresses say that the girl before the students knows the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the farmers remember that the actor near the son meets the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the fathers say that the actor near the son meets the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the fathers say that the woman near the friends ignores the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the friends declare that the student near the father interrupts the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the mothers declare that the boy before the friend avoids the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the mothers remember that the farmer near the actresses defends the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the sons declare that the friend near the actress observes the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the students declare that the boy near the friend welcomes the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the students say that the friend near the mother attracts the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the daughters say that the boy beside the man greets the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the daughters say that the farmer beside the actress attracts the man	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the friends remember that the son before the girl blocks the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the friends say that the woman before the boys avoids the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the girls declare that the farmer beside the daughter blocks the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the men remember that the friend before the student attracts the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the mothers say that the actress beside the friend avoids the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the students say that the friend before the man interrupts the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the women say that the father behind the students attracts the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the actors declare that the friend near the fathers defends the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the brothers declare that the student behind the farmers meets the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the girls declare that the friend beside the father avoids the students	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the actresses remember that the student beside the farmers defends the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the actresses say that the girl before the student defends the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the boys remember that the woman before the students attracts the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the farmers remember that the student before the women observes the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the mothers remember that the brother beside the boys attracts the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the sisters declare that the actress beside the farmers watches the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the students say that the sister beside the boy ignores the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the actors declare that the brother near the girl defends the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the actors say that the farmer before the friend attracts the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the actresses remember that the man behind the sister defends the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the brothers remember that the boy before the mothers blocks the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the farmers say that the brother before the friend meets the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the farmers say that the sister behind the girls greets the students	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the fathers declare that the girl before the student stops the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the girls declare that the actress before the students meets the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the mothers say that the friend behind the man observes the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the sisters say that the actress near the students avoids the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the women remember that the farmer behind the sisters watches the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the women say that the girl behind the mother interrupts the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the friends declare that the actress before the farmers watches the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the friends remember that the mother before the brothers blocks the student	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the friends say that the boy behind the woman observes the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the girls declare that the student beside the friend ignores the women	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the mothers say that the friend before the sister attracts the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the students remember that the actress behind the men ignores the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the students say that the man behind the actresses attracts the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the women remember that the brother before the boys meets the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the actors declare that the friend beside the boys greets the women	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the actresses declare that the son beside the woman welcomes the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the boys remember that the friend beside the sisters knows the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the boys say that the sister behind the woman interrupts the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the daughters declare that the sister behind the boys meets the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the farmers declare that the daughter beside the friend greets the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the farmers say that the girl beside the daughters defends the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the farmers say that the mother behind the actors attracts the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the friends declare that the father beside the brothers meets the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the friends remember that the man behind the farmer stops the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the friends say that the farmer near the mother stops the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the friends say that the man behind the farmers observes the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the men declare that the sister behind the farmer observes the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the mothers say that the son beside the brother meets the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the sisters declare that the woman behind the boy blocks the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the sons declare that the mother beside the farmer blocks the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the women remember that the daughter near the farmer knows the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the women remember that the sister behind the boy blocks the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the boys declare that the farmer near the woman greets the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the boys declare that the friend before the farmer greets the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the boys say that the friend near the daughter knows the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the brothers remember that the farmer beside the mother avoids the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the farmers declare that the actress beside the boys watches the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the farmers declare that the mother near the girl meets the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the fathers remember that the girl before the actress observes the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the fathers say that the farmer beside the boys knows the man	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the friends say that the woman beside the sons stops the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the girls declare that the actress beside the farmers defends the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the mothers declare that the actor near the farmer knows the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the sisters declare that the friend beside the women knows the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the actors declare that the daughter before the women observes the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the actors remember that the daughter near the father defends the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the actresses declare that the woman before the sons watches the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the actresses say that the man before the friend greets the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the actresses say that the mother behind the friends avoids the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the boys remember that the sister before the son avoids the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the brothers say that the mother before the actress defends the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmers declare that the brother behind the father welcomes the women	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcome
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmers remember that the girl near the brothers blocks the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the fathers declare that the brother near the friends meets the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the friends remember that the actor before the women defends the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the men say that the actress behind the farmer greets the son	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the men say that the farmer before the sisters greets the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the sisters declare that the man before the son watches the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the actresses remember that the daughter before the fathers interrupts the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the actresses say that the daughter before the fathers ignores the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the boys declare that the sister beside the daughters observes the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the boys remember that the mother before the daughters blocks the men	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the daughters declare that the actor behind the friends interrupts the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the daughters say that the man beside the friends avoids the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the farmers remember that the sister before the boy watches the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watch
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the fathers remember that the sister before the friends avoids the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the friends remember that the man before the fathers ignores the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the friends say that the brother behind the girl observes the men	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the friends say that the daughter before the farmers meets the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the friends say that the man before the brothers ignores the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the girls say that the brother beside the farmer meets the father	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the mothers remember that the friend beside the woman interrupts the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sisters say that the boy before the farmer observes the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sons declare that the girl before the sister defends the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sons say that the farmer beside the actor ignores the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sons say that the sister before the woman ignores the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the women say that the friend behind the mother attracts the son	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the daughters declare that the friend near the father greets the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the farmers remember that the friend behind the students attracts the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attract
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the farmers say that the actor behind the friends interrupts the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the farmers say that the friend behind the mother blocks the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the fathers declare that the friend behind the boys stops the student	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the fathers declare that the girl near the students observes the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the sisters say that the actor beside the farmer avoids the students	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the brothers declare that the friend before the farmer avoids the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the fathers say that the brother before the student defends the son	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the friends remember that the farmer beside the girl avoids the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoid
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the friends remember that the student before the sister greets the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the mothers declare that the farmer beside the girl knows the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the mothers say that the son beside the boys ignores the student	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the actors remember that the mother before the sons meets the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the actresses remember that the farmer before the son defends the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defend
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the daughters declare that the friend before the student meets the father	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the friends declare that the boy before the farmer meets the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the mothers remember that the daughter near the actors blocks the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	block
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the sisters remember that the mother behind the actors interrupts the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupt
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the sons remember that the girl before the friends knows the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the students declare that the friend before the boy stops the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the students say that the daughter behind the girl greets the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greet
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the actresses declare that the farmer before the girl knows the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	know
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the actresses declare that the girl before the sons observes the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the boys declare that the son before the students observes the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observe
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the boys say that the actress behind the father stops the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stop
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the girls remember that the actress before the student ignores the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignore
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the brother say that the farmers near the mothers attract the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the friend declare that the farmers beside the student observe the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the friend declare that the girls beside the mothers welcome the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the friend remember that the daughters beside the man greet the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the girl declare that the men near the daughter welcome the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the son say that the sisters near the men greet the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the student remember that the brothers behind the friends ignore the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the student say that the girls behind the mothers observe the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the boy remember that the farmers beside the student interrupt the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the farmer declare that the girls before the brother block the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the farmer say that the mothers before the daughters greet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the father say that the farmers beside the sons ignore the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the friend remember that the fathers before the students watch the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the friend remember that the women beside the mother ignore the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the man declare that the daughters before the students welcome the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the man declare that the daughters near the students avoid the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the sister remember that the students beside the farmer avoid the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the daughter declare that the sisters before the mothers interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the daughter say that the boys behind the men meet the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the daughter say that the students before the girls meet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the farmer declare that the girls behind the students block the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the farmer declare that the men near the girls welcome the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the farmer remember that the students near the man meet the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the girl remember that the friends before the brother know the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the man declare that the farmers behind the mother defend the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the man say that the friends behind the father know the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the student say that the women before the farmers stop the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the woman declare that the sons before the girl know the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the brother say that the students behind the father greet the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the farmer say that the daughters behind the boy welcome the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the girl say that the men behind the friend stop the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the sister declare that the boys beside the mother watch the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the son remember that the brothers beside the friend block the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the student declare that the girls before the sons observe the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the woman declare that the friends before the boys greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the woman remember that the boys before the student meet the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the boy remember that the brothers near the student ignore the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the brother declare that the sons behind the farmer watch the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the brother say that the farmers beside the friends meet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the daughter remember that the mothers beside the student greet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the farmer declare that the fathers behind the girl interrupt the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the friend say that the girls behind the daughter avoid the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the sister remember that the friends beside the daughters meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the woman say that the mothers behind the farmers observe the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the farmer declare that the fathers beside the women observe the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the man say that the girls before the student interrupt the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the daughter remember that the girls near the mothers observe the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the farmer say that the daughters before the student welcome the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the friend remember that the brothers behind the student avoid the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the man remember that the students near the sisters watch the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the man say that the farmers near the friends meet the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the student declare that the farmers before the son know the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the student say that the sisters near the friends interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the farmer declare that the boys before the sisters interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the farmer declare that the brothers before the student block the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the friend declare that the girls before the woman ignore the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the friend declare that the sons beside the farmers defend the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the son declare that the women behind the mothers defend the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the son say that the fathers beside the brother interrupt the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the student say that the farmers before the mother block the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the woman declare that the farmers behind the student know the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the actress declare that the farmers behind the brothers watch the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the actress declare that the sons near the men welcome the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the actress say that the men beside the farmers avoid the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the daughter say that the women near the friends meet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the father say that the farmers behind the daughter defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the friend declare that the farmers near the students observe the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the man say that the students near the brothers observe the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the sister declare that the actors beside the farmers defend the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the son remember that the actors beside the sister avoid the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the student declare that the sons behind the friends greet the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the student remember that the women beside the actresses interrupt the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the student say that the friends behind the mothers stop the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the student say that the sisters near the father meet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the brother remember that the actresses before the farmers watch the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the farmer say that the students before the actress observe the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the friend remember that the students beside the sister attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the sister remember that the farmers beside the son attract the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the son declare that the actors beside the farmers greet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the woman declare that the farmers near the students observe the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the brother remember that the actors before the man ignore the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the daughter remember that the fathers behind the students defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the father declare that the sisters behind the actress stop the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the friend say that the men before the actresses meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the mother declare that the actors near the son stop the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the son remember that the women near the friends block the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the actress remember that the brothers before the men interrupt the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the actress say that the sons before the mother defend the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the daughter remember that the fathers behind the sister greet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the farmer declare that the students behind the friends ignore the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the father remember that the students behind the actresses meet the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the man say that the sons beside the friends defend the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the mother declare that the students behind the brothers welcome the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the sister declare that the daughters before the farmers avoid the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the student remember that the brothers before the mothers defend the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the woman declare that the sisters before the friend greet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the actor declare that the men behind the students block the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the daughter declare that the friends near the man defend the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the farmer declare that the actresses near the father block the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the farmer declare that the girls beside the actresses greet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the farmer say that the sons beside the students greet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the son declare that the fathers beside the farmers meet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the actor declare that the friends before the students ignore the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the farmer remember that the actors near the mother observe the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the father say that the actors before the student avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the mother say that the women near the actors welcome the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the student declare that the mothers near the girls watch the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the student say that the boys beside the friend block the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the woman say that the friends before the son greet the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the actress say that the farmers near the boys attract the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the father remember that the friends before the sons greet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the friend remember that the mothers behind the boys stop the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the son remember that the students before the women watch the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the student say that the farmers behind the actress avoid the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the father remember that the girls beside the student watch the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the father say that the actors beside the son attract the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the friend say that the farmers behind the student block the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the friend say that the farmers behind the woman welcome the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the girl declare that the fathers beside the farmer defend the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the man declare that the girls before the actor avoid the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the student say that the actresses before the daughters ignore the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the actor remember that the brothers behind the friends meet the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the boy declare that the farmers beside the women ignore the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the farmer say that the sisters beside the boy meet the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the friend remember that the farmers behind the father ignore the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the friend remember that the men beside the girls attract the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the man say that the boys behind the fathers attract the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the student declare that the friends beside the mother observe the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the student say that the girls behind the actress avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the woman remember that the actresses beside the brother watch the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the actor say that the mothers before the girl attract the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the farmer declare that the friends beside the fathers avoid the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the mother remember that the friends beside the farmer avoid the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the student say that the farmers before the boys welcome the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the boy declare that the actresses before the students block the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the farmer say that the friends before the men avoid the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the student remember that the sisters near the man meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the actress remember that the fathers behind the girls stop the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the brother remember that the mothers before the girl greet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the farmer remember that the brothers before the girl stop the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the farmer say that the friends before the man avoid the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the friend declare that the actors behind the students observe the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the girl declare that the brothers before the father stop the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the mother declare that the friends behind the farmer stop the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actress declare that the girls behind the brothers avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actress remember that the women near the fathers greet the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boy declare that the men beside the sisters welcome the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boy remember that the friends beside the daughter observe the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boy remember that the women behind the students watch the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boy say that the daughters near the fathers attract the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boy say that the friends behind the women interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the daughter declare that the students behind the brother ignore the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the father remember that the students beside the girls ignore the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the father say that the brothers beside the student attract the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friend declare that the actors beside the boy defend the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friend declare that the boys near the men ignore the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friend say that the actors near the student observe the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friend say that the fathers behind the boys interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the man say that the friends beside the mother stop the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the mother remember that the daughters beside the brothers attract the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the sister declare that the friends behind the students block the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the son remember that the students beside the girls watch the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the student declare that the women near the boy know the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the student remember that the fathers behind the son watch the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the student remember that the fathers beside the sister stop the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the actress declare that the students beside the son ignore the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the actress say that the students beside the boys interrupt the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the daughter remember that the brothers beside the friends avoid the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the father say that the actors near the sisters attract the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the friend declare that the daughters beside the sisters greet the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the girl say that the brothers near the daughter avoid the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the man remember that the actresses near the sisters know the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the woman say that the sisters beside the actresses observe the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actor declare that the daughters behind the friend know the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actor remember that the friends near the girl defend the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the boy say that the brothers near the students greet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the brother remember that the actresses behind the mothers greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the daughter declare that the actors before the fathers meet the women	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the daughter declare that the actors behind the sister watch the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the daughter declare that the boys before the women watch the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the daughter say that the students near the father stop the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the father declare that the sisters before the woman block the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the friend declare that the brothers before the daughters stop the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the friend say that the students behind the sisters defend the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the friend say that the students near the daughter ignore the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the girl declare that the friends before the student stop the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the mother declare that the students before the boys know the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the mother remember that the boys near the man ignore the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the sister say that the men before the actress ignore the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the son declare that the actors near the friends know the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the son declare that the boys near the students defend the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the student declare that the daughters before the friends stop the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the student remember that the friends near the girl attract the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the student say that the brothers behind the actors attract the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the woman declare that the friends behind the father interrupt the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the woman declare that the sons near the student stop the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the woman say that the girls before the sisters greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the actor declare that the daughters behind the sister stop the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the actor declare that the sons beside the mother avoid the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the actress say that the brothers beside the son stop the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the actress say that the girls behind the friend block the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the boy declare that the daughters before the man ignore the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the brother remember that the friends beside the boy know the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the daughter remember that the sisters beside the women stop the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the friend remember that the actors before the son attract the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the man remember that the fathers behind the girls greet the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the mother remember that the sisters before the student block the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the sister say that the friends before the actress attract the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the student declare that the actors beside the men know the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the daughter declare that the farmers near the actors know the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the daughter declare that the students near the girls watch the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the farmer remember that the brothers beside the boy interrupt the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the man remember that the actresses near the boys watch the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the son remember that the brothers beside the boys watch the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the student say that the girls near the farmers welcome the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the woman declare that the daughters behind the farmer ignore the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the woman say that the girls near the daughters attract the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the brother declare that the friends before the actress interrupt the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the farmer remember that the friends near the daughters meet the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the friend remember that the daughters near the brother defend the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the man remember that the friends near the boys avoid the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the man remember that the students near the sons greet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the student say that the actors beside the brothers know the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the student say that the farmers beside the sister greet the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the student say that the friends before the brothers defend the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the woman say that the farmers beside the boys defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the friend declare that the girls near the actresses block the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the girl declare that the farmers behind the men avoid the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the man say that the friends before the actor attract the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the student declare that the sisters near the farmers avoid the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the woman say that the sisters before the actors defend the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the actor remember that the women behind the boy know the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the boy say that the sisters beside the farmer greet the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the farmer say that the girls before the actors ignore the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the farmer say that the sisters beside the boy attract the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the friend remember that the brothers beside the farmer meet the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the friend say that the students behind the actress ignore the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the girl say that the farmers behind the actor defend the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the man say that the friends behind the boy block the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the son remember that the girls before the students meet the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actor remember that the men beside the son block the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actress remember that the fathers near the sons meet the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actress say that the boys beside the farmers meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the father declare that the actors beside the boy greet the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the man say that the farmers near the brothers greet the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the mother remember that the sisters behind the actresses avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the sister declare that the farmers beside the man observe the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the sister remember that the mothers beside the girl watch the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the son declare that the farmers beside the girl observe the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the son declare that the students behind the sisters interrupt the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the son say that the actors beside the mother meet the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the student declare that the fathers near the girl interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the student remember that the mothers beside the boys avoid the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the student remember that the women behind the actresses block the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the student say that the actresses beside the girls attract the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actor declare that the boys before the farmers ignore the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actor remember that the students beside the farmer observe the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actor say that the fathers near the student know the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actress remember that the farmers before the girls stop the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the brother say that the girls near the mothers greet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the farmer remember that the men before the brothers greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the farmer say that the actors beside the sons avoid the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the farmer say that the girls before the students meet the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the farmer say that the sons near the mother attract the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the father say that the students near the farmer know the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the man remember that the actresses near the farmer block the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the mother say that the students beside the woman stop the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the student declare that the farmers before the sisters ignore the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the student declare that the sons before the farmer greet the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the boy declare that the sisters before the student ignore the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the boy remember that the brothers near the daughters avoid the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the boy remember that the farmers near the men ignore the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the boy say that the students near the woman defend the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the brother say that the students near the girls defend the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the farmer declare that the actresses near the brother interrupt the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the farmer remember that the mothers behind the boys block the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the mother remember that the farmers near the man block the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the mother remember that the women before the farmers defend the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the mother say that the men behind the actress defend the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the sister declare that the men behind the farmer ignore the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the sister declare that the men near the father ignore the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the sister remember that the farmers near the daughter watch the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the son say that the brothers before the farmer greet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the student declare that the actors near the brother meet the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the student say that the mothers near the man greet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the actress say that the students behind the mothers attract the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the boy say that the fathers before the student greet the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the brother remember that the mothers beside the sons block the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the brother say that the boys before the students know the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the brother say that the students beside the farmer welcome the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the daughter declare that the farmers beside the actor watch the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the daughter declare that the sisters behind the mother block the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the daughter remember that the sisters beside the students avoid the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the daughter say that the farmers beside the mother block the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the mother say that the boys behind the actress attract the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the son declare that the girls behind the students avoid the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the student remember that the farmers before the brothers block the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the student say that the farmers before the boy stop the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the actress remember that the men near the farmer stop the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the daughter remember that the mothers beside the actress stop the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the farmer remember that the students beside the friends watch the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the farmer say that the men beside the sisters attract the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the friend say that the daughters near the student block the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the student say that the sons beside the farmer interrupt the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the woman declare that the farmers near the fathers avoid the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the actor declare that the mothers before the daughters know the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the friend declare that the farmers beside the sister watch the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the sister say that the men near the fathers block the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the daughter remember that the students before the man watch the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the farmer declare that the fathers before the sons greet the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the farmer declare that the friends behind the women interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the father say that the students before the farmers attract the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the sister remember that the students near the actresses meet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the woman remember that the farmers behind the students greet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the daughter declare that the mothers behind the woman block the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the daughter say that the brothers beside the father block the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the father declare that the friends behind the sisters watch the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the friend declare that the students before the men know the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the friend say that the mothers beside the men ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the man remember that the students behind the daughter observe the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the sister say that the actresses beside the fathers interrupt the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the student declare that the friends before the farmer stop the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the student say that the sons behind the actress greet the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the boy remember that the sons near the friends observe the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the farmer remember that the actors beside the students observe the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the farmer remember that the sisters beside the actor interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the girl remember that the farmers beside the students block the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the girl say that the farmers beside the actress observe the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the sister say that the girls before the sons defend the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the student remember that the farmers beside the mothers defend the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the actor declare that the friends before the farmers watch the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the actor say that the friends before the son defend the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the boy declare that the mothers before the farmer observe the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the brother remember that the daughters behind the friends know the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the daughter say that the sisters behind the actresses interrupt the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the son declare that the actors behind the sister block the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the student declare that the daughters behind the brother avoid the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the actor declare that the students before the daughter defend the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the boy declare that the friends before the mother defend the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the farmer remember that the sisters beside the friend observe the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the friend remember that the students beside the farmers meet the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the mother say that the farmers beside the sister attract the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the boy remember that the sisters near the students know the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the farmer say that the friends beside the brother defend the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the actress remember that the students beside the daughters know the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the brother remember that the actors before the men know the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the student declare that the boys before the farmers welcome the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the student declare that the men before the friend watch the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the actress remember that the daughters before the student attract the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the boy say that the sisters before the daughters meet the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the brother remember that the friends before the daughter watch the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the daughter say that the friends before the student attract the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the farmer remember that the friends behind the man stop the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the friend say that the brothers behind the girl know the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the friend say that the farmers before the sons greet the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the son declare that the men behind the actress know the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the student say that the women before the sons welcome the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the actress say that the brothers behind the women attract the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the daughter declare that the farmers behind the friend greet the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the farmer say that the students before the men stop the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the woman declare that the boys before the farmer meet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the actor say that the farmers behind the daughter greet the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the actor say that the farmers near the sons avoid the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the boy remember that the fathers near the son avoid the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the daughter declare that the boys behind the mothers ignore the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the farmer declare that the students near the girl greet the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the friend declare that the actresses beside the student defend the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the friend remember that the actors behind the farmers watch the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the daughter declare that the farmers before the women greet the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the farmer declare that the friends beside the actress observe the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the girl say that the fathers near the farmer interrupt the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the student declare that the actors before the woman block the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the student remember that the mothers before the sons avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the actor say that the friends behind the student observe the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the friend remember that the daughters near the fathers stop the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the student declare that the girls behind the man ignore the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the student declare that the mothers before the friends greet the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the woman declare that the actresses before the mother observe the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the actress say that the students beside the man stop the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the farmer say that the women behind the father meet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the friend say that the farmers behind the women meet the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the girl say that the students before the actress meet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the man say that the daughters beside the girl block the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the mother say that the friends behind the boys attract the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the son say that the farmers behind the friend greet the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the son say that the students behind the friends know the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the student declare that the farmers beside the father block the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the student declare that the friends beside the girl meet the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the actor declare that the farmers beside the student interrupt the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the actress say that the students near the boys attract the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the friend declare that the students beside the girls avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the friend say that the fathers near the brother know the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the man remember that the students behind the friends interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the sister remember that the friends beside the farmer watch the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the student declare that the friends behind the farmer welcome the actresses	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the actress declare that the students near the farmers observe the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the farmer declare that the students before the friends stop the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the farmer say that the actors near the boy know the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the father say that the farmers near the actor observe the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the friend declare that the actresses beside the women interrupt the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the mother declare that the sisters near the farmer stop the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the mother declare that the students near the actor block the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the actor say that the mothers behind the brother stop the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the brother declare that the women before the boys watch the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the father say that the friends near the student observe the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the friend declare that the boys near the farmers watch the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the man declare that the fathers near the actresses meet the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the mother declare that the students before the girl meet the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the mother say that the actors behind the men attract the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the student declare that the farmers near the girl block the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the actress declare that the brothers before the fathers know the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the brother say that the friends before the farmers observe the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the farmer say that the boys before the man defend the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the friend declare that the brothers behind the actors meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the mother say that the brothers before the farmers meet the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the actress declare that the mothers beside the brother ignore the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the actress remember that the mothers behind the sons attract the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the boy say that the daughters beside the actress meet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the brother declare that the women beside the boys defend the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the brother remember that the friends near the sons know the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the brother remember that the girls behind the mothers ignore the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the farmer declare that the sons near the actors watch the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the friend declare that the women behind the farmers know the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the friend say that the mothers behind the women ignore the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the girl remember that the friends behind the father know the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the man remember that the farmers beside the friends block the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the mother declare that the farmers behind the daughters interrupt the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the sister declare that the actors near the women interrupt the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the woman say that the daughters beside the actresses stop the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the actor declare that the farmers before the sisters watch the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the actor declare that the fathers beside the woman observe the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the actor remember that the brothers before the father know the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the actress say that the daughters beside the father avoid the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the actress say that the men beside the sister greet the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the boy declare that the actors beside the friend know the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the boy say that the friends before the actors avoid the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the farmer declare that the actors beside the friend defend the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the farmer declare that the girls before the daughter block the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the father remember that the men before the actors block the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the father say that the sons before the farmers welcome the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the friend remember that the farmers near the brother know the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the friend remember that the sons before the brothers watch the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the girl remember that the actresses beside the men block the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the man declare that the farmers near the friends stop the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the man declare that the girls before the actor greet the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the sister say that the friends before the mothers know the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the son declare that the farmers before the friends meet the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the woman declare that the mothers beside the daughter observe the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the actress declare that the friends before the girl defend the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the actress say that the farmers before the boys ignore the sons	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmer declare that the actresses behind the woman block the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmer declare that the fathers before the friends watch the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmer declare that the girls behind the actor stop the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmer declare that the men before the friends ignore the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmer declare that the men behind the mothers welcome the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmer remember that the actors behind the fathers meet the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmer say that the mothers before the actor meet the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the friend say that the actresses near the daughters welcome the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the friend say that the daughters near the woman know the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the girl declare that the fathers near the farmer ignore the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the girl remember that the fathers behind the man know the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the girl say that the daughters behind the mother stop the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the man say that the boys near the friends stop the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the mother say that the actresses before the sister observe the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the sister say that the daughters near the actor ignore the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the woman remember that the actors near the mother avoid the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the actress remember that the sisters beside the farmer avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the daughter remember that the mothers behind the sister observe the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the farmer declare that the actors beside the friends stop the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the father say that the boys behind the men meet the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the friend declare that the actors beside the sisters watch the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the friend remember that the sons beside the woman know the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the friend say that the sisters before the men meet the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the mother declare that the friends before the sons interrupt the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the mother say that the girls behind the brothers avoid the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sister remember that the actors before the farmer meet the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sister remember that the sons beside the fathers greet the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the actor declare that the students near the friend meet the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the farmer say that the sisters beside the actor greet the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the student declare that the brothers behind the son observe the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the student declare that the brothers beside the daughter watch the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the actor remember that the boys before the brothers ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the actress declare that the fathers near the girl defend the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the actress declare that the mothers beside the boys interrupt the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the boy declare that the mothers beside the friends watch the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the farmer declare that the friends near the actress watch the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the farmer say that the friends near the students greet the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the friend declare that the boys before the brothers watch the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the friend remember that the actresses beside the daughter attract the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the mother say that the boys before the sister stop the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the student declare that the brothers near the boy know the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the student declare that the sons beside the friends interrupt the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the actor declare that the farmers near the son ignore the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the actor say that the farmers near the friend interrupt the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the actress declare that the brothers before the students stop the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the daughter say that the farmers behind the friends meet the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the farmer remember that the daughters before the actors avoid the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the farmer remember that the students before the friend meet the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the friend say that the farmers near the brothers ignore the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the mother declare that the farmers near the student stop the sisters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the sister declare that the girls near the actress welcome the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the actor remember that the daughters beside the boy watch the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the actress declare that the friends beside the daughters interrupt the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the boy declare that the brothers behind the farmer ignore the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the boy remember that the students behind the friend attract the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the brother declare that the mothers before the boys greet the actors	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the brother remember that the daughters beside the actors block the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the daughter declare that the farmers beside the student avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the farmer remember that the sisters behind the son attract the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the farmer say that the boys beside the students interrupt the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the student declare that the fathers before the farmers meet the sons	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the student remember that the friends beside the father greet the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the boys remember that the farmers beside the friends watch the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the daughters say that the women behind the farmers welcome the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the farmers declare that the women beside the sisters observe the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the farmers remember that the sisters behind the daughters know the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the farmers say that the girls near the friend attract the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the fathers remember that the brothers near the boys greet the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the fathers remember that the men near the brother defend the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the friends remember that the daughters beside the sisters greet the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the friends remember that the farmers behind the student greet the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the friends remember that the women beside the boys avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the girls declare that the brothers behind the students ignore the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the sisters remember that the students behind the father defend the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the students remember that the sisters beside the friend watch the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors before the women say that the boys behind the fathers avoid the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the brothers say that the daughters near the student block the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the friends remember that the women beside the girls know the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the sons remember that the friends beside the farmers block the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the sons say that the brothers beside the farmers greet the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the students remember that the farmers near the sons avoid the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors behind the students remember that the friends before the fathers attract the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the boys declare that the mothers near the student avoid the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the brothers declare that the farmers near the daughters block the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the daughters declare that the farmers behind the girl watch the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the farmers declare that the men before the daughter know the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the farmers say that the brothers near the daughters greet the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the farmers say that the mothers before the daughter meet the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the fathers say that the farmers near the students greet the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the friends say that the students before the son meet the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the girls declare that the students near the farmers stop the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the girls say that the mothers near the farmer welcome the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the students remember that the daughters behind the boys greet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors beside the students remember that the farmers behind the man attract the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the farmers say that the women before the friends attract the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the friends declare that the students behind the boy observe the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the friends say that the daughters before the boys know the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actors near the women remember that the sons before the student attract the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the daughters say that the fathers beside the men interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the sons declare that the girls beside the friend stop the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the students remember that the fathers behind the woman greet the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses before the women declare that the boys near the daughter watch the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the boys remember that the friends beside the sister attract the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the boys say that the men near the farmer observe the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the farmers declare that the boys beside the sister welcome the fathers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the farmers declare that the men before the brother greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the fathers declare that the brothers beside the student interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the fathers declare that the friends before the students interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the fathers remember that the farmers near the boy watch the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the girls say that the students near the friend attract the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the sisters declare that the fathers near the students observe the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the sisters declare that the mothers beside the daughters ignore the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the sisters remember that the men near the daughter observe the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the sons declare that the mothers before the friend avoid the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses behind the sons say that the friends before the brother stop the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the boys say that the farmers before the daughters ignore the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the girls remember that the men before the sister interrupt the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the sisters remember that the men behind the mothers watch the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the sons declare that the farmers near the women watch the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the sons remember that the students near the sisters block the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses beside the students say that the farmers near the man avoid the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the boys say that the students beside the woman meet the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the daughters declare that the friends behind the farmer greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the friends say that the women beside the boys block the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the girls remember that the women beside the sister know the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the girls say that the daughters behind the students interrupt the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the students declare that the men beside the mothers watch the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The actresses near the students say that the men beside the farmer attract the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the brothers remember that the friends near the actress meet the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the farmers say that the brothers beside the man attract the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the friends declare that the mothers behind the students block the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the friends declare that the women beside the sister stop the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the friends declare that the women near the farmer greet the sister	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the friends remember that the sons beside the farmer greet the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the friends say that the students behind the fathers know the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the students say that the sisters beside the mother welcome the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys before the women declare that the mothers near the brother avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the farmers say that the brothers beside the fathers know the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the men remember that the friends before the fathers block the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys behind the women declare that the sisters beside the actors greet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the actresses remember that the farmers before the friends avoid the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the fathers declare that the actors near the farmers block the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the friends declare that the sons behind the actresses welcome the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the sisters declare that the farmers behind the students welcome the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the sisters say that the farmers near the friends ignore the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the sons declare that the farmers behind the fathers greet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the sons say that the fathers before the friend avoid the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys beside the students say that the daughters near the actor welcome the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the fathers remember that the sons beside the women greet the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the sisters remember that the actors behind the father stop the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the students remember that the brothers behind the mother interrupt the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The boys near the students say that the friends beside the actors attract the daughters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the actresses remember that the farmers behind the fathers observe the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the farmers declare that the mothers near the girls welcome the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the friends declare that the sons beside the farmers know the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the friends remember that the farmers beside the boy observe the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the men declare that the friends behind the farmers block the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the men remember that the farmers beside the boys observe the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers before the sons say that the friends beside the fathers interrupt the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the fathers declare that the actors beside the farmer observe the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the friends declare that the daughters near the farmer greet the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the friends remember that the daughters near the actresses stop the boy	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the friends say that the girls near the student defend the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the students remember that the farmers beside the girls meet the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the students say that the farmers beside the girls welcome the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers behind the students say that the farmers near the girls stop the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the daughters declare that the farmers near the students defend the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the farmers remember that the men before the actor block the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the fathers remember that the students behind the friends attract the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the friends say that the girls before the man greet the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the girls say that the students near the man attract the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the men declare that the farmers behind the daughter watch the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the mothers say that the women near the students attract the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the women declare that the actresses behind the boys greet the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers beside the women remember that the students near the mother attract the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the actresses remember that the daughters behind the farmer block the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the fathers declare that the actresses behind the girl watch the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the friends remember that the women before the farmers meet the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the mothers say that the actors before the boy ignore the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the sons declare that the students behind the men stop the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the sons declare that the women before the father defend the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The brothers near the students say that the mothers beside the farmers stop the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the farmers remember that the actresses near the friend greet the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the friends say that the boys near the farmers interrupt the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the friends say that the fathers beside the women avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the men say that the friends beside the students attract the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the sisters say that the students near the father meet the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the students say that the actors near the man attract the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters before the students say that the actors near the women greet the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the farmers declare that the friends before the boy meet the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the friends remember that the actresses before the boys watch the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the men remember that the friends before the actor greet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the sisters declare that the women beside the girls block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the students declare that the farmers before the sister ignore the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters behind the students say that the mothers before the boys observe the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the actors declare that the farmers near the man know the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the actresses say that the boys before the mother interrupt the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the actresses say that the mothers near the woman welcome the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the farmers declare that the students near the actresses meet the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the friends declare that the mothers near the man defend the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the girls say that the actresses near the sisters interrupt the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the students declare that the farmers before the men defend the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the students declare that the girls behind the woman know the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters beside the women say that the friends before the boys meet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the actors declare that the girls before the farmers welcome the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the actresses remember that the girls beside the students avoid the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the fathers declare that the friends beside the boy defend the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the mothers declare that the actors beside the men ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the sisters declare that the fathers behind the friend block the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the sisters remember that the friends behind the actress avoid the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The daughters near the students say that the friends beside the women attract the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actresses declare that the boys near the sister know the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actresses remember that the fathers near the man meet the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actresses remember that the women behind the father meet the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actresses say that the brothers beside the son stop the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the actresses say that the students behind the woman defend the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boys declare that the friends near the daughters observe the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boys remember that the sons beside the students block the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boys say that the daughters behind the sister stop the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the boys say that the sons near the brothers interrupt the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the daughters remember that the actors behind the friend stop the brother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the fathers say that the brothers near the women avoid the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the fathers say that the women behind the girls avoid the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friends declare that the actresses near the student stop the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friends remember that the brothers beside the daughter greet the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friends remember that the sisters beside the actress stop the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friends remember that the sisters beside the sons interrupt the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friends remember that the sons beside the men observe the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the friends say that the girls beside the students welcome the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the girls remember that the women beside the sons greet the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the mothers say that the men beside the friends ignore the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the sons declare that the brothers near the men observe the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the sons remember that the brothers near the friends avoid the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the women remember that the sons near the student interrupt the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers before the women remember that the students behind the actors greet the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the actors remember that the friends near the daughter defend the women	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the actresses remember that the women near the brothers block the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the fathers say that the daughters before the girls avoid the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the fathers say that the men before the student stop the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the girls declare that the sisters beside the mothers block the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the mothers remember that the sons near the students block the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the mothers say that the students beside the actor ignore the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the sisters say that the actors near the boys observe the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the sons say that the boys before the men defend the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the students declare that the daughters beside the mother avoid the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the students remember that the actors beside the brothers defend the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the students remember that the friends before the girl interrupt the daughter	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers behind the students say that the friends near the actresses greet the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actors declare that the mothers before the girls interrupt the sisters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actors remember that the girls near the student block the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the actresses remember that the sons behind the mother know the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the boys declare that the women before the son know the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the daughters remember that the mothers near the boy block the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the friends say that the actresses before the daughter observe the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the men declare that the students before the brothers ignore the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the mothers remember that the daughters near the boys stop the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the mothers say that the men behind the brother greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the sisters declare that the actors near the students ignore the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers beside the women declare that the students behind the mothers meet the actress	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the friends remember that the mothers behind the son watch the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the friends remember that the sisters before the mother meet the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the girls remember that the actors before the sisters ignore the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the men declare that the brothers beside the daughters defend the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the men remember that the students before the friend ignore the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the men say that the friends before the brothers stop the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the mothers remember that the actresses before the girls block the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the mothers say that the friends beside the actresses greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the students remember that the mothers beside the women attract the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the students say that the actresses before the woman interrupt the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The farmers near the women remember that the girls beside the fathers avoid the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the actors declare that the sisters beside the student avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the actors remember that the boys near the brothers ignore the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the girls declare that the farmers beside the sisters meet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the men remember that the boys beside the students watch the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the students remember that the friends beside the girl observe the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the women declare that the sons near the friends greet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers before the women say that the brothers behind the students stop the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the actresses say that the girls near the friends interrupt the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the brothers declare that the daughters before the friend greet the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the friends declare that the sons before the actor interrupt the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the men declare that the actors before the students block the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the sons remember that the actors beside the man ignore the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the students declare that the boys before the friends defend the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the students declare that the farmers beside the brothers watch the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers behind the students say that the boys before the woman observe the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the actresses say that the men behind the friends ignore the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the boys declare that the students near the man defend the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the daughters say that the girls before the actresses welcome the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the friends remember that the girls before the actor attract the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the friends remember that the students near the farmer stop the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the men remember that the farmers before the sons observe the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers beside the women remember that the friends before the actress watch the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the actors say that the students behind the brother know the woman	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the actresses say that the farmers beside the sisters interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the brothers declare that the actors beside the girl interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the brothers say that the men beside the daughter interrupt the actor	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the farmers remember that the brothers behind the woman observe the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the friends remember that the daughters beside the farmers ignore the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the friends say that the students beside the girls stop the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the girls declare that the sons behind the sisters know the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The fathers near the students declare that the girls behind the friend observe the actor	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actresses declare that the men behind the mother know the sister	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actresses declare that the mothers beside the women avoid the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actresses remember that the brothers near the farmer block the mother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the actresses remember that the men near the mothers interrupt the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the boys remember that the sisters behind the women block the father	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the boys say that the students beside the daughters stop the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the brothers declare that the sons beside the woman observe the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the brothers remember that the daughters near the student greet the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the brothers say that the daughters near the girls attract the actors	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the daughters say that the farmers beside the students avoid the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the fathers remember that the boys near the actresses attract the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the fathers remember that the women behind the actress greet the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the fathers say that the farmers behind the student interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the fathers say that the women behind the sister know the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the men declare that the mothers beside the sons ignore the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the sisters declare that the farmers near the son interrupt the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the students declare that the girls behind the sister avoid the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends before the students say that the men near the brother defend the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actors declare that the men beside the daughter watch the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actors say that the sons before the fathers meet the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actresses declare that the men before the farmer stop the boy	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the actresses remember that the brothers before the boy stop the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the brothers remember that the actors before the farmer avoid the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the farmers declare that the actresses before the women block the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the farmers declare that the mothers before the students avoid the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the farmers remember that the girls beside the students greet the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the fathers remember that the daughters beside the woman defend the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the girls declare that the mothers before the brother stop the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the girls say that the brothers before the woman ignore the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the men remember that the boys beside the son ignore the brothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the men say that the girls near the father meet the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the mothers say that the sisters beside the student meet the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the sisters say that the farmers beside the mother observe the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends behind the women remember that the brothers beside the students interrupt the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the actors remember that the sisters before the man meet the fathers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the actresses remember that the sisters near the women meet the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the brothers declare that the sons near the man avoid the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the daughters declare that the sisters near the student defend the mother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the farmers declare that the men behind the mothers defend the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the girls declare that the sons before the actress meet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the girls remember that the mothers near the daughters stop the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the girls say that the fathers near the actor observe the son	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the mothers say that the men behind the daughter interrupt the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the sisters remember that the women behind the farmer stop the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the sons remember that the mothers before the student block the girls	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the students remember that the men behind the girls ignore the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the women say that the actors behind the farmer ignore the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends beside the women say that the fathers near the sons stop the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the actors declare that the students beside the sister stop the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the actresses declare that the farmers beside the brother meet the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the boys remember that the sons before the student watch the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the farmers declare that the girls before the man watch the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the farmers say that the fathers before the brother observe the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the fathers declare that the farmers behind the actor greet the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the girls remember that the actresses behind the farmers meet the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the girls remember that the fathers behind the sons ignore the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the girls remember that the women behind the farmer stop the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the men declare that the mothers before the actress stop the daughter	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the sisters remember that the sons before the actress meet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the sons declare that the students behind the father know the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the sons say that the women before the mother meet the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the students declare that the actors before the woman block the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the students say that the boys beside the farmer ignore the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the students say that the farmers behind the sisters meet the girl	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The friends near the women declare that the sisters before the son avoid the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the daughters remember that the actresses near the students interrupt the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the farmers declare that the brothers near the sons greet the actresses	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the farmers remember that the men beside the brothers block the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the farmers say that the students behind the sister know the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the friends say that the actors near the son interrupt the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the sisters declare that the actors beside the student block the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the sons say that the farmers behind the sisters interrupt the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the students declare that the farmers beside the actors observe the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls before the women remember that the friends beside the actresses block the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the actors remember that the daughters beside the friends know the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the daughters say that the women near the fathers attract the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the farmers say that the students beside the actors avoid the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the fathers say that the brothers before the farmer greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls behind the friends remember that the actors near the fathers observe the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the actresses remember that the women near the farmer avoid the father	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the daughters declare that the men near the actors block the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the farmers declare that the actors before the men know the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the farmers declare that the daughters behind the mother stop the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the farmers remember that the students before the daughters watch the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the mothers say that the farmers before the student know the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the mothers say that the sons near the students defend the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the sons declare that the fathers behind the friend watch the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls beside the sons declare that the women before the actress block the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the daughters declare that the friends beside the brothers meet the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the farmers declare that the sisters before the actors stop the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the friends declare that the students before the actresses meet the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the friends remember that the farmers behind the actors observe the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The girls near the women remember that the mothers behind the sister block the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the farmers say that the actresses near the girl welcome the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the fathers declare that the girls near the actor avoid the sisters	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the friends remember that the fathers behind the farmer meet the student	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men before the students declare that the farmers behind the daughter know the sisters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the actors remember that the sisters before the boys meet the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the boys declare that the actors before the daughter interrupt the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the daughters declare that the actors near the sister meet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the fathers declare that the actresses before the students ignore the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men behind the students declare that the sisters before the sons avoid the actresses	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the actresses declare that the students behind the friends interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the daughters declare that the girls near the mothers block the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the farmers declare that the fathers behind the friends defend the boy	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the mothers declare that the actors behind the brother interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the mothers declare that the students behind the friends stop the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men beside the students declare that the actors behind the girls meet the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the actors declare that the students before the farmers know the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the actors remember that the mothers beside the boy greet the daughter	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the boys say that the brothers beside the friend observe the daughters	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the brothers declare that the girls behind the farmer welcome the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the daughters say that the actors behind the student greet the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the friends say that the mothers beside the brothers interrupt the son	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the sisters say that the farmers beside the girls meet the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The men near the students declare that the sons behind the actors defend the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the actresses say that the daughters near the brothers defend the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the boys remember that the farmers near the students know the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the friends remember that the men near the brothers attract the actor	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers before the sisters say that the students behind the men greet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the boys declare that the friends before the students greet the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the brothers remember that the students near the actress know the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the girls declare that the brothers before the men know the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the men declare that the actresses near the students greet the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers behind the students declare that the friends before the farmer welcome the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the friends say that the students before the woman interrupt the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the girls say that the brothers before the man attract the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the sons remember that the friends behind the boys meet the brothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the students remember that the girls before the friends ignore the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the students say that the boys near the friends interrupt the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers beside the women remember that the actors near the student block the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the actors remember that the girls beside the friend greet the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the actors remember that the women beside the friends greet the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the actresses say that the sons behind the farmers block the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the farmers say that the students behind the son block the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the sons remember that the friends behind the farmers avoid the woman	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The mothers near the sons say that the students before the brothers defend the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the daughters declare that the friends behind the father avoid the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the daughters remember that the farmers beside the students watch the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the daughters remember that the fathers near the actor ignore the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the friends remember that the daughters behind the mother defend the women	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the friends say that the students behind the farmers meet the son	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the girls declare that the friends near the daughter avoid the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the sons remember that the actors behind the friends ignore the mothers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the sons say that the mothers beside the farmers stop the men	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters before the students say that the girls behind the man stop the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the actors remember that the friends near the girl block the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the friends say that the boys before the daughters defend the farmers	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the men remember that the girls beside the mother block the students	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters behind the mothers declare that the friends beside the students welcome the son	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the farmers declare that the fathers near the women greet the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the mothers declare that the men before the girls stop the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the sons declare that the men near the mothers greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters beside the students declare that the friends behind the boy watch the man	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the farmers remember that the friends beside the boys meet the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the farmers remember that the sons before the fathers know the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the farmers say that the mothers beside the students welcome the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the friends remember that the students behind the actor observe the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the friends say that the actors beside the farmer defend the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the mothers declare that the friends behind the men defend the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the mothers remember that the girls before the actress block the student	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sisters near the sons declare that the farmers behind the actress defend the man	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the brothers declare that the fathers behind the actress observe the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the friends say that the actors beside the girls interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the friends say that the sisters beside the student ignore the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons before the students remember that the girls beside the friend watch the brother	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the actresses remember that the farmers before the girl defend the brother	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the actresses remember that the sisters near the boy avoid the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the farmers declare that the actresses near the brothers welcome the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the farmers say that the friends near the woman interrupt the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the fathers remember that the women beside the actors block the farmer	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the mothers declare that the brothers beside the students watch the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the mothers say that the farmers before the actor know the students	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the sisters remember that the farmers before the students interrupt the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons behind the sisters say that the fathers beside the farmer ignore the man	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the boys say that the farmers before the actor defend the friend	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the farmers say that the boys behind the women defend the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the fathers declare that the friends before the farmers avoid the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the friends remember that the boys behind the actresses greet the mothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the men remember that the girls before the actor defend the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the sisters remember that the actresses behind the father watch the students	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons beside the women say that the brothers near the fathers meet the girls	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the actors declare that the women before the brother greet the student	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the actresses declare that the friends beside the farmers avoid the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the actresses remember that the men beside the friends avoid the fathers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the boys remember that the women behind the farmer ignore the fathers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the brothers remember that the actresses behind the friends block the woman	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the farmers declare that the boys before the man know the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the farmers say that the men before the friends know the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the friends say that the farmers behind the father greet the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The sons near the mothers declare that the friends beside the brother welcome the women	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the boys declare that the actors beside the sisters meet the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the brothers remember that the boys behind the actor ignore the father	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the daughters say that the mothers behind the boys block the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the farmers declare that the boys near the fathers welcome the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the fathers say that the girls behind the friends greet the actress	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the friends remember that the men beside the farmer ignore the girl	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the friends say that the fathers beside the brothers block the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the men say that the fathers near the sister ignore the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the sisters remember that the actresses beside the men meet the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the sisters remember that the actresses near the farmer defend the sons	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the sisters say that the men behind the mothers greet the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students before the sons say that the mothers beside the actor meet the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the actors say that the girls near the fathers interrupt the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the actresses say that the mothers near the women know the brothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the boys remember that the mothers beside the women attract the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the brothers declare that the boys near the man stop the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the brothers declare that the farmers before the friend block the daughters	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the farmers say that the brothers near the sons avoid the boys	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the girls remember that the sisters before the mother watch the man	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the men declare that the sisters before the friends ignore the daughters	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the men remember that the actresses near the daughters attract the friend	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the men say that the boys near the farmers ignore the friend	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the sisters declare that the girls near the actress watch the woman	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the sons declare that the actors beside the boy observe the men	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the sons declare that the brothers beside the woman meet the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the sons declare that the mothers beside the women meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the sons say that the boys near the brother greet the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the women declare that the farmers before the fathers stop the girl	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the women remember that the farmers near the mother defend the actresses	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students behind the women say that the farmers before the daughter attract the friends	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the actresses remember that the friends before the brother block the farmers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the daughters remember that the boys behind the farmer interrupt the actors	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmers remember that the actresses near the daughters observe the mothers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the farmers say that the women near the girls know the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the friends say that the boys behind the actress attract the farmer	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	says	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the men declare that the boys near the friend meet the actress	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the men say that the daughters behind the friend defend the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the women declare that the actors near the boys welcome the sister	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	welcomes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students beside the women say that the brothers near the boy block the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the actresses declare that the girls before the sister observe the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the daughters declare that the actors behind the farmers greet the men	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the daughters declare that the men beside the boy meet the brothers	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the daughters declare that the women behind the farmer ignore the mothers	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the fathers declare that the farmers behind the boy stop the friends	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the fathers say that the sisters before the daughters interrupt the men	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the girls remember that the farmers beside the brother observe the actress	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the men declare that the boys beside the fathers avoid the sons	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the sons declare that the friends beside the farmers avoid the girls	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The students near the women say that the sisters before the farmers avoid the boy	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the actresses say that the brothers beside the friends interrupt the daughter	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	says	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the brothers remember that the friends beside the student block the girl	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the brothers remember that the students behind the actors watch the farmers	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the friends say that the girls behind the brother observe the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the girls declare that the actresses behind the brother defend the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the girls remember that the mothers behind the brother block the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the girls say that the daughters near the father observe the brother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	observes
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the mothers remember that the girls beside the sister avoid the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the sons declare that the farmers behind the fathers know the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	declares	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the sons say that the friends beside the actresses meet the mother	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the sons say that the mothers near the farmers defend the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the sons say that the students behind the friend defend the sister	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	says	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the students remember that the brothers beside the friend watch the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women before the students say that the actresses beside the son avoid the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	says	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the actors remember that the students before the farmer stop the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the daughters declare that the students near the farmer avoid the boys	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	avoids
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the mothers declare that the actresses beside the friend ignore the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	ignores
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the students remember that the farmers near the girls watch the friend	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women behind the students remember that the mothers near the actresses know the friends	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the actors declare that the sisters near the student meet the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the actors remember that the boys behind the friend attract the farmer	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the brothers remember that the daughters behind the farmers attract the mother	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the fathers declare that the sons behind the actor greet the students	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	greets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the girls remember that the friends near the fathers interrupt the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	remembers	interrupts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the mothers declare that the brothers behind the boy watch the friends	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	declares	watches
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the sons declare that the farmers before the friends meet the actors	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	meets
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women beside the students remember that the friends before the mothers block the farmer	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	blocks
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the boys say that the friends beside the brothers know the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	says	knows
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the brothers remember that the farmers beside the girls attract the father	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	attracts
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the farmers declare that the friends before the sister defend the student	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	singular	declares	defends
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the farmers declare that the sons before the mothers stop the boys	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	declares	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the farmers remember that the friends behind the student stop the girls	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	singular	remembers	stops
embedding_mental_2LRs	The women near the students remember that the girls before the farmers observe the actor	feminine	plural	feminine	plural	masculine	plural	feminine	plural	remembers	observes
